group the countries together that have similar rates of suicide in every age group .
show me if there any communities in social network !
what is the duration of id 17536710 trip ?
tell me degree of fluctuation among ages
please make a list of how many actors were from america in the 60th ceremony .
is there a correlation between running time and year of release ?
i am going to use the ages of actors for clustering .
explain how the number of vehicles is distributed in asian countries .
are ratings distributed normally ?
are there neighborhoods that can be grouped together based on birth gender ratios ?
are you able to tell if videos with long titles are also the ones with the most likes ?
at harvard university , how many faculties are there ?
which university is an outlier in regards to number of teachers ?
can you list the categories of grade types ?
are you able to determine what the age range is according to this table ?
separate the countries into groups by the income of the postgraduate and undergraduate students .
research which university has the most faculties and is located in london .
which players on the team have the most play time ?
look for the mean number on hospitals .
calculate the maximum population ratio of hf .
for all counties in california , what is the entire range of the black population ?
is there skewness in the value distribution of albinism ?
count the age median of suicides in albana from 1987 to 2020 ?
does economic growth correlate to a country 's population ?
find the author who has most often collaborated with dark horse comics .
with the total number of people according to the area generate the ranking .
list the top five app categories with the highest scores .
the number of patients of all diseases , use dbscan to cluster these region
which gaming apps , if any , are considered an outlier ?
i would like to see the number of schools clustered by region
the award for best performance by an actor in a motion picture -drama in the 60th ceremony went to whom ?
can you tell me the number of the faculties in harvard university ?
which neighborhood saw the birth of 56 boys in 2017 ?
show the the 15th happiest country .
are there more likes on a larger channel ?
using the average score , please rank the grades from the highest to the lowest .
sort the table with the book ratings in descending order .
research and report the length of time " plush - bad unboxing fan mail " has been trending .
specify the number of clusters , considering the scope of the application .
which county in montana has a higher population of non -white people compared to others .
did each country have the happiness score you expected ?
could you name some of the genres mentioned ?
tell me the name of every free business app that has an average rating higher than 4.5 .
show me a plot of all genres .
in terms of economy , what is the range among all countries ?
in the 60th ceremony what actor won the award best performance by an actor in a motion picture -drama ?
tell me the university that has the highest number of teachers .
show a list of all apps that have a perfect rating and a large number of reviews .
please provide the range of gdp_per_capita in albania for the years 1987 to 2020 .
list country groupings that have had coinciding gdp over the past 20 years .
would you say barbara allan 's book is rated well ?
i will be clustering the ages of the actors .
in the 60th ceremony , the award for best performance by an actor in a motion picture was won by whom ?
what are all the apps that have perfect ratings and a ton of reviews .
can you tell me which regions have names that start with " a " ?
the art of super mario odyssey is written in which language ?
obtain the mean rating of apps found under category title art & design .
doe the nation of origin of the actors influence the outcome ?
could you list the apps with a perfect rating and a lot of reviews ?
what country had the most undergraduate students in 2001 ?
which app has the highest ratings of all the apps that are free ?
which continent has the lowest income ?
find the top 10 gaming apps with the highest number of installations descending order .
use the rating to rank all apps .
based on their medical statistics , show me the number of groups found in these regions .
what number of universities are based in new york ?
identify which university has the most teachers .
select the area that has more divorced people than married people .
what percent of people in ohio attempted to quit smoking ?
what was the duration of the trip for trip id 17536710 ?
how many undergraduate students were there from 2000 to 2018 ?
retrieve the trips taken by females .
list the schools sorted by descending change_p .
obtain the range of the transfer fee in the premier league in 2010 -2011 .
in the dataset , show the youngest students .
what is the construction year for these high -rises ?
are there any years with suicide rates that are a lot bigger than that of different years ?
is the average score of class 1 better than that in class 5 in the final exam ?
what are the average number of suicides in europe ?
whenever i rate the table by the ages of the performers , i want to see results .
show me the number of teachers that have been distributed among the universities in new york .
what are the outliers regarding cancer mortality rates across america ?
is the cost of an app affected by its genre ?
are there any counties with a similar trend in population growth ?
can you tell me if the study time obeys the gaussian distribution ?
of all the team players , who has the longest playing time ?
which book is the most expensive ?
for students who have fathers who are teachers , give the reason the students have given .
is the number of faculties impacted by the number of teachers ?
by ascending order , list the names of all students according to final exam scores .
distinguish the assaulting midfielders and rank them as per their market_fee .
take out the suicide records from albania .
what is the distribution of the ratings ?
during 1987 -2020 what is the albania gdp_per_capita ?
among a region that is monitored , explain the distribution of records of good air quality .
are there similar rankings among the schools in the same district ?
considering the loudest song , how popular is it ?
in africa what are the official languages .
would more time spent on studying reduce travel time for students ?
please change this table to reflect the data of the " averageprice " column from highest to lowest .
what was the location of the england and wales match that was held on 1879 -01 -08 ?
sort the table from the highest number of home team scores to the lowest number of home team scores .
with regards to the final exam , is it the case that class 5 had a worse average score than class 1 ?
can you tell me the number of product categories you have ?
give me the range of the sale volume of 4225
are the release year and the revenue positively correlated ?
by population rank all the countries in the world from highest to lowest .
in descending order , who are the top 10 actors to receive the most awards of all time ?
can you show me how number of likes is distributed ?
can you tell me many left backs were transferred in 2010 ?
locate the interval in which app prices are concentrated .
put the home team scores in order starting with the highest and going to the lowest
find the school with the lowest pass rate in geita
describe the air quality on 1 /11 /2018 in barcelon - sants .
please show me , in descending order , the 10 actors that have won the most awards .
find the number of health centers per region , and then only display the top ten .
make a list of channels that are like " eminemvevo ? "
list the student who travels for less than 30 minutes but more than 5 .
please rate the regions according to the number of patients .
are you able to help me with a math problem concerning the standard error of the pitch size ?
tell me the beginning and finish date of the table .
was the expected value achieved by the happiness score for each country ?
among boys taking the midterm exam , what was the highest and lowest score ?
according to the number of reviews in each genre , please sort the apps .
what is the linear relationship between the number of likes and the number of comments
please show how the number of nominations was distributed .
clump the nations into excellent and normal teams , according to the number of games they 've won .
please find the lowest reading for all the 03 readings
do the pass rate and the ownership of schools have any correlation ?
across all of the regions , what is the pattern of happiness ?
" transformers : prime " is a movies produced where ?
across all the years in el raval , what is the average number of babies born ?
please name the gaming app with the highest rating .
in what ways does the correlation between the hispanic and black populations vary in individual counties across states ?
identify the bottom five countries according to the happiness score .
can you show where the different types of universities are scattered in various locations ?
display the top record of pm10 shown in the table .
find the total hfs in america .
using the happiness score rand the countries in reverse order .
calculate the highest average price .
what is the geographical distribution of these schools in geita ?
in this table , how many females are there ?
how many states have a population of more than five million people ?
does having more comments increase the number of likes and vice versa ?
are any outliers present in the age of winners of best television ?
tell me which movie won best original score for motion picture in 1997 .
locate the user type of trip id 17536702 .
the average price was less than 1.00 for how many days ?
identify the age range in this table .
can you show me all available values for pm10 quality ?
show me the 2001 national distribution of postgraduate students .
how close is the nearest hf from geita ?
when possible , group videos together based on the description 's length and the number of likes .
show me the countries with a similar trend in population growth .
can you tell me what states have more than five million people ?
show the distribution for all values of o3 , include those values that are missing .
geita 's nearest hf can be found where ?
tell me whether or not we can infer that higher freedom leads to higher happiness .
tell me how many finance apps there are in total .
could you tell me the gdp distribution of all the countries ?
show me the distribution of the number of postgraduates in each year .
over the seasons has there been an increase in the maret value of players ?
do you have the distribution of the ratings ?
can you show me the average number of goals of home teams in matches held before 2000 ?
which schools have a relatively equal number of teachers ?
do you believe that students would fail more in class if they spent less time studying ?
filter according to reviews given .
locate apps that do not cost anything
can you tell me what is the mean goal difference between the home and away teams in all matches ?
do european countries typically have a higher average pci than african countries ?
retrieve the school that has a pass_rate of less than 100 in the mwanza region .
find the top 10 gaming apps with the highest number of installations and sort them in descending order .
can you tell me the mwanza region school that has a less than 100 pass_rate
the students ' scores in the cw2 were what range ?
organize the similar locations in a cluster based on the pollution .
find years with more than 100 suicide cases .
based on their market value during the 2010 -2011 season , please rank the players .
identify any relationship between the population and total hfs .
what is the title of the 1997 winner of best original score - motion picture ?
list the regions based on population and total hfs .
show me the students according to the number of failures in increasing order .
how big is the largest app ?
give me the number of actors who were from america in the 60th ceremony ? list them down .
name the authors in this dataset .
list all the students in different grades type .
can you show me the country that has won the most games
arrange the total number of hf 's from highest to the lowest .
which trips did females tend to take ?
name the hottest movie
i would like a graph to show the linear relationship between how many comments and likes the content receives .
all records with na values need to be removed .
what is the film with the most nominations ?
out of all the apps , what percentage are for teens ?
what are the highest and lowest of alll the happiness scores of all nations in western europee ?
are the longer title videos more popular ?
is there a city whose population bigger than a state ?
based on the amount of patients , please rank the regions .
group the schools by avg_m and region .
can you tell me who had a transfer fee that was larger than their market fee ?
what is the tallest building in taiwan ?
what is the average range of travel times ?
what is the standard deviation when including all university teachers ?
what are the differences in people 's average income within european countries ?
can you tell the locations the universities cover ?
please tell me apps that are highest rated .
could you indicate the distribution of the number of nominations for each actor on this list ?
what happiness score would the population of iceland give themselves ?
does the number of likes and coentaries have a linear relationship ?
in terms of the ages , can you tell me the degree of fluctuation among them ?
show me how countries can be divided by their population in 2000 .
do bigger channels have more followers ?
the genres mentioned here are what ?
other than california , what state has the most people residing in it ?
can you tell me which starter has played the longest ?
can you identify the teams that have transferred players to other teams ?
show me a day with extremely bad air quality .
do higher ratings correlate with apps that have more installations ?
please sort through the students ages and tell me which student is the oldest and which student is the youngest .
the distribution of african american population shows a trailing tail
tell me how many total categories there are ?
is it possible that the ratings be affected by the attribute installations ?
what is the population distribution of all cities within the state ?
find out the mean number of hospitals .
the chart shows them the range of horsepower
how many divisions does harvard university have ?
among the happiness score and other attributes , what is the relationship between them ?
what country holds the lowest trust score ?
which actors are more than 30 years old ?
identify all publishing times that look suspicious .
can you tell me how many widowed people live in urban areas ?
show the songs starting with the ones that have the most spoken words to those with the least spoken words .
what is the distribution range of the various vehicles found in asian countries ?
in 2018 in the provinces in the middle region of china , was the mode of the increasing rate of the gp more than 7% ?
how did the number of vehicles change between 2000 and 2010 in the countries of japan and korea ?
show me the records concerning individuals who died by suicide between ages 15 and 24 years old .
please show me the spread of cities , sorted by the number of matches .
give me the possible genres in this data set .
can you share with me the gdp distribution of all the countries ?
according to this table how long is the listed period ?
tell me the distribution of the book ratings .
show me the amount of product categories you have .
locate what years income of postgraduate students was higher than those of undergraduate students .
is it possible divide the cpi ( per capita income ) of chinese provinces into several categories ?
find out the university which has an anomalous number of teachers .
can you show me the ranking of all undergraduate and postgraduate students
is it possible to sort the counties according to their percentage of the black population using " low , " " medium , " and " high " categories ?
what is the average size of the territories of the states in the us ?
in what years have there been more than 100 suicides ?
in 2006 , did any anomalies exist with regards to the rate of passage of waja springs pr . school ?
which genres does this list include ?
" plush - bad unboxing fan mail " was published by which channel ?
the netflix movies come out on which days ?
tell me how to predict the price of a book based on when it was published .
which authors wrote those books ?
find out the scope of the all the students ' cw2 scores .
list the schools that possess a pass_rate below 100 in the mwanza region
when ranking all the students , you will need to use the final exam for the first keyword and the midterm exam for the second keyword .
can you tell me what kind of behaviors are unexpected ?
what is the total number of people in lindi that are separated , divorced , and widowed ?
can you tell me if the pm10 has a linear relationship with o3 ?
is there an interval in which app prices are concentrated
what was the date when trending started for " plush - bad unboxing fan mail " ?
what countries has a better happiness scores than finland
what is the number of diseases included in this table ?
list the videos that were published since yesterday .
how many goals did liverpool score in the game ?
are there groups of players with similar ages /market value ratios ?
in terms of the number of smokers , which state has the highest number ?
can you tell me the attacking midfielders and also rank them in accordance to their market_fee ?
according to price , please list all of the business apps .
detect the anomalous region in terms of the patient number .
from the winners of the best performance in a motion picture - actor category ( musical or comedy 2003 -2020 ) which actor 's age is an outlier ?
get the lowest for all o3 readings
to rank students , the final exam is the first keyword , while the midterm exam is the second keyword .
does life expectancy have relation to the percentage of smokers ?
can you tell me the name of the state which has an abnormal population ?
tell me if the happiness score for every country reach the expected value
out of all the total hfs , what is the distribution of it ?
in japan and korea , how many vehicles were there between 2000 and 2010 ?
what would be the earliest video ?
what is the gender distribution of the winners in the 60th century ?
i want a table sorted by gdp_for_year .
i would like a list of all videos that were published before yesterday .
i want to know the distribution of cities per number of matches .
tell me if there are any videos in the dataset that were published before 1900
over the last 10 years had there been and increase or decrease in china 's gdp ?
can you place the center -backs in order according to their transfer fee ?
with regard to the distribution , are the reviews clustered to the left ?
tell me the number of students that have mothers working from home .
do you think that there are many or few clusters regarding app sizes ?
for the winners in the category best performance n a motion picture - musical or comedy , is there any clustering based on the film companies ?
indicate the counties where the percentage of females is lower than 45% .
group together books with similar prices .
how many artists have performed pop music ?
retrieve current versions that evidently have errors .
tell me how many clinics are in mara .
identify the stations with comparable o3 values and trends .
list the total country groups in the previous two decades that possess similar gdps
the most progress was achieved by whom ?
name all the videos that have " eminem " in the title
what song among ed sheeran 's songs is the loudest ?
provide the combined countries of suicide rates in each age range based on their distribution .
how many of the people of lindi have autism ?
how is happiness rated in iceland ?
please show all distribution prices for beauty apps .
can you tell me which dimension of the happiness index has the maximum fluctuation ?
which average score is better in the final exam , class 1 or class 5 ?
is there any student group in which students are similar but different from the students that are not in the group ?
in what ways did the average price change during the month of november 2015 ?
from the best to worst , sort the air quality .
can you tell me how many categories are there in total ?
which state has the greatest amount of people who smoke ?
find out if velma paul and glynis caine got identical midterm exams .
group movies with similar descriptions ( tags ) together .
show me who achieved the greatest progress ?
in what place are the total number of married people over 10,000,000 ?
from most upbeat to the least upbeat , i need the songs sorted .
tell me the films that were awarded a win in the 60th ceremony from earliest to latest production year .
please compare the amount of tall buildings between taiwan and hong kong ?
what is the number of times that the cf life app has been installed ?
what is the number of videos that were liked by more than 1 million users ?
please tell me what range of lengths do these songs have ?
i want to know the names of all the best performance by an actress in a motion picture -musical or comedy nominees from 2003 to 2020
create a plot graph of the amount of likes to show the distribution .
are there more likes or dislikes for the video " plush - bad unboxing fan mail " ?
what is the gender distribution of all the final winners in the 60th ceremony ?
how has the revenue changed from all of the harry potter movies ?
please locate the world’s largest city .
what is the names of the school in geita that has the worst pass rate ?
i want to group the states of the united states by average income
in the ceremony what is the total number of times nicholas nickleby has been nominated ?
i need all of the fiction books written in english .
in descending order , please list top 10 actors who won among all the records .
can you tell how the indicators of good air quality are distributed across the region observed ?
please tell us the number of students with their grades recorded ?
provide the groups of regions according to three types of avocado 's sales ratio .
of all the states which holds the largest number of smokers ?
list the genres by number
which regions does this table include ?
tell me which disease is most common in these regions .
is there any clustering of weights evident based off of this group of students ?
what movie had the most nominations ?
is albinism 's distribution of value skewed at all ?
tell me if students would be more likely to fail if they had less time to study in class .
when it comes to suicide rates , are there any extremes ?
what movie is the most popular ?
using the table , which state has a first place ranking according to the population ?
is there any significant correlation between description length and the tag total .
of all the games that took place in the united kingdom , how many were of the domestic league ?
what regions have the same attributes as rukwa ?
i wonder if the " installation " attribute will affect the attribute " rating " ?
does gdp show a regional concentration trend ?
how does iceland rank in the world happiness report ?
is there a correlation between the total hfs and the number of health centers ?
will you please share with me the longest study time the students have ?
show me the cluster of region according to the number of schools .
sort the neighborhoods by the number of males born from least to most .
how are the various kinds of universities dispersed in different places ?
how much is the mean transfer fee in the premier league in 2010 -2011 ?
can you explain if the quantity of faculties is affected by how many teachers there are ?
can i see all the friendly tournament matches where the away team was beat by the home team ?
which years recorded more than 100 cases of suicide ?
tell me what position play for the longest amount of time .
which student fell short of expectations in the final exam ?
what number of likes does " plush -bad unboxing fan mail " have ?
what 's the number of hospitals in arusha ?
give me a random reason , please .
can you name the author who has collaborated with dark horse comics more than any other author ?
show me the books that are rated suspiciously low .
in terms of dark horse comics books , whose works are most commonly published ?
at what point did netflix provide data to populate this table ?
list the highest and lowest scores on the final exam .
in the year 2000 , what was the population in ashley ?
can you tell me the date that " plush - bad unboxing fan mail " started to trend ?
tally all of the american hfs .
please rank the students based on their number of failures in ascending order .
what is the amont of installation that the app cf shop have .
in class 4 , what person received the highest total score ?
what is the average length of the books published by dark horse comics ?
how much money did " titanic " earn ?
in all asian countries , are there any variances in the growth rates ?
identify the degree of fluctuation among the ages .
which county has a percentage of the white population that is two standard deviations lower than the national average ?
i need the records of the people aged 15 -24 that died of suicide .
what is the percentage of undergraduate students in all countries in 2001 ?
list all of the districts in barcelona .
looking at the app 's size , how many clusters are there ?
get the records of liverpool 's transfers in the 2010 -2011 season .
do you observe an increase in the imbalance of the male -female ratio in russia in the last 10 years ?
please list the areas that begin with the letter " a " .
over the years , what is the average number for births in el raval ?
is there a relationship between apps with more installations , and higher ratings ?
show me a list of business apps ordered according to their price .
please show me the pm10 reading in sants at 0 :00 on january 11 , 2018 .
determine the standard deviation of the total hfs .
share the list of students according to their grades
which book has the highest rating ?
what are the maximum and minimum values for the number of people who 've never been married ?
can you rank regions according to the number of countries ?
what are the ranges in the age according to this table ?
give me all the videos that have the title " eminem " in it
do african countries have an average pci lower than countries in europe ?
how many schools are within geita ?
determine whether or not there are an outliers in pm10 from a termporal perspective .
is there a correlation between asian communites having a high white population ?
what is the highest -grossing movie ?
we want the distribution of the population of ashley for five years .
retrieve the average floor height of these buildings .
state the maximum and minimum number of patients with autism for each region .
please rank the study time in decreasing order from highest to lowest .
was the same midterm exam given to both velma paul and glynis caine ?
how are the ratings distributed ?
in 2010 what age was david when he transferred ?
what free apps cost more than 0 ?
what areas are included in this table ?
can you tell me if the genre of the app has an influence on its price ?
show me the average score of the students
show me the distribution for the number of nominations .
in the year of 1987 , what were the maximum and minimum suicide rates ?
list behaviors that are not expected .
does the hispanic population get distributed around two values , showing up as two peaks ?
what are the number of videos that have been liked by over a million users ?
what are some songs that have a similar amount of loudness and energy ?
search for authors that have written much more than other authors .
name the highest population ratio of hf ?
in the final exam , did class 1 have a better average score than class 5 ?
show me videos with more than 100 tags .
looking at all regions , what is the distribution of widowed people ?
which california city has the highest number of newborns on march 1st , 2000 ?
how would you effectively describe " plush - bad unboxing fan mail " the video ?
what is the average percentage population of black residents of each state ?
which regions have schools with a rank difference over 200 , if any ?
which counties in new york have a hispanic population higher than the state 's average ?
are countries clustered by suicide rates ?
describe the population distribution .
organize air quality from best to worst .
i want to know the state with the longest life expectancy in america
across the table which pm10 record is the best ?
is there a possibility that the nationality of the actors affect the result
in descending order , i would like you to rank all the countries of the world by population .
what is the length of the trip with the id 17536710 ?
what 's the total number of faculty at harvard ?
are there any musicians that hit different genres with the songs they release ?
please gather all english language books of fiction .
which neighborhood had 56 male births in 2017 ?
locate similar regions to rukwa
what is the distribution of birth years amongst the users ?
group the length of trip by initial sites .
show me all of the regions whose names begin with " a " .
are there books that are extremely long ?
find a region that has less population but a lot of hfs .
on average how upbeat are they ?
what is the quantity of installed for the app " cf shop ! " ?
can you re -order the list from best air quality to worst ?
provide the start and end date of this table ?
" plush - bad unboxing fan mail " belongs to which specific channel ?
is the median number of visually impaired inviduals in all regions obtainable ?
find the county that has a population containing outliers .
what are the anomalous values in undergraduate and postgraduate income ?
show me the closest hf from geita .
what does cf life cost ?
what are the top five app categories with the highest scores ?
show the table with the most recent data at the top .
present the value distribution of o3 , missing values included .
please figure out the the different languages that these books are written in .
retrieve the mean population in 2000 for ashley
show me how avg_m can be influenced by ownership .
can you tell me the population range in ashley in 2020 ?
what are the names of transferred players in la liga in 2010 ?
based on the count of numbers , how celebrities have won an award during the year 2000 ?
search for every video that does not accept comments or ratings .
tell me the counties in new york that have a hispanic population higher than the state 's average .
sort the table by the complete number of undergrad and postgrad students
what was the number of undergraduate students in great britain and northern ireland in 2001 ?
focus on eastern europe , and provide me with the average gdp .
use the change_p figures to rank schools from highest to lowest .
what are the numbers of the transferred players in the 2010 -2011 season in different leagues ?
find the places that have more than 500 patients .
elaborate on which type of distribution do packing sizes of gaming apps have
can you tell me the bound for ratings of teen apps ?
can you rank countries according to the happiness score in reverse ?
how many likes are on the the video " plush - bad unboxing fan mail " have ?
give the rate of good air quality in all the days .
how many clusters are there considering the size of the app ?
does this social network have a variety of communities available ?
what is the percentage of white population in blount county , alabama ?
what other apps can you recommend that are similar to " cloud of books " ?
do more people from the ages of 15 -24 commit suicide than other age groups ?
nichols nickleby was nominated in the ceremony how many times between 2003 and 2020 ?
list some pop songs by sam smith .
is there a regional concentration trend in the development of gdp ?
has the male -female ratio increased in the last decade in russia ?
are the audience needs similar , for different movies in different years ?
i want to cluster the ages of actors .
show me the students with fathers who work as teachers .
show me the continent with the most countries in the top 10 happiness index .
has the happiness value exceeded the assumed number values for each of countries ?
are all happiness score statistics trustworthy ?
compared to other apps , do any stand out as different ?
to cluster the states in the us , i wish to use middle income .
show me all the regions from the table .
how has harry potter fared in revenue from time to time ?
how many 4225 were sold on 2015 /7 /5 ?
do the station run across all of spain ?
for all chinese provinces , what is the population range ?
in all the years , what are the values of the change p of kwema modern pr school ?
are there any books that are english fictions ?
is the sale volume of 4770 spread out in a typical way ?
what is the distribution of the ages of the students ?
list the dates that netflix 's movies were released .
what are the regions with a population ratio of hf over 2.0 ?
which student has the score with the highest total ?
what are some popular songs ?
can you indicate the rate of approved students at waja springs pr . school in year of 2016 ?
show me the male to female ratio of entire population and what state ?
do any counties have a similar trend in population growth
show me which county has the most female residents and which has the least female residents .
per medical statistics , what number of groups are in these regions ?
in the same area , do you large numbers of both separated people and divorced people ?
do you know what the tallest building in taiwan is ?
is there any relationship between the number of installations and the number of reviews ?
can you find any movies without a discription ?
when looking at mteu and gdp , how are they related ?
using game wins , group the countries into outstanding teams and average teams .
can you detect outliers in pm10 readings in a temporal perspective ?
tell me if there is an hour with a low pm10 value , but bad overall air quality .
retrieve the regional groups according to the sales ration of the three types of avocado
can you show me clusters of movies with similar descriptions ( tags ) ?
which country should iceland aim to out -perform in order to improve its happiness ranking ?
can you tell me the schools in the neighboring region that have similar avg_m ?
how are widowed people distributed in all regions ?
rearrange the table so the book rating is sorted in descending order .
which apps are outliers based on the rating , installations and number of reivews ?
determine the total number of groups that are found in these regions related to their medical statistics .
in order from highest to lowest , list districts by the number of births .
display students national distribution from post grads in 2001
the table has how many missing readings ?
discover the cluster which has the highest number of births among the neighborhoods across the years .
show me the authors in this dataset .
does there appear to be a connection involving the performers successful outcomes and the years they are old ?
give me the numbers of candidates that were nominated for best performance by an actor in a motion picture - drama in 60th ceremony ?
what is the mean score of all free gaming apps ?
filter the result to only return apps with a rating higher than 4.5
what is the date that has the highest total volume ?
figure out the average number of comments from all videos for me .
state the average income of postgraduate students in each country .
delete albania 's suicides data .
state the reason given by students with fathers who work as teachers .
within the suicide rates , are there any outliers ?
what is the average gdp of the countries in western europe ?
what country has won the biggest amount of games ?
what are the distributions of the " last updated " attribute among a variety of categories ?
is there an impact on an app 's installations depending on the supported android version ?
how is the number of likes distributed ?
i have a desire to bifurcate the hispanic population of all counties in connecticut by percentages .
in japan and korea , what was the trend for the number of vehicles between 2000 and 2010 ?
is there a relation between the populations in 2000 and 2001 ?
how much is the transfer fee in the premier league in 2010–2011 ?
over the season has the market values of players increased ?
in the number of clinics is there any anamolies ?
what is the fluctuation of distribution of vehicles in japan and korea starting with with the years 2000 through 2010 ?
find all the videos that were liked by more than 1 million users .
list 10 countries of the lower suicide rates ?
from earliest production year to latest , which films received awards in the 60th ceremony ?
show me the school in geita with the worst pass rate .
what is the average score of all free gaming apps ?
arrange these readings according to the pm10 value .
would you say gdp development has a trend that could be described as a regional concentration ?
what are the titles of some of the pop songs by sam smith ?
list the players by their 2010 -2011 market value .
could there be any inacurrate happiness scores with respect to country 's gdp ?
what was the total number of students that received an a on the exam ?
was there a person who scored the highest in both the midterm , and final exam ?
what is the name of the neighborhood that had 56 baby boys born in 2017 ?
when david entered the permier league , from which team was he traded ?
are there similar channels to " eminemvevo " ?
what is the earliest film produced that won in the 60th ceremony in any category ?
using the three types of avocado 's sales ratio , provide the groups of regions
in order for a couple to live together , do they first have to be married ?
if harvard university was located in new york , would the number of teachers in harvard be considered outliers in relation to all the universities in new york ?
what is the number of dimensions in the happiness score ?
tell me the lowest mteu in eastern europe .
the center -backs will be ordered according to their transfer_fee .
do european countries have higher average pci than african countries ?
show me in ascending order , the neighborhood by the number of male births .
could you buy a player with his market value higher than a transfer fee ?
locate apps that are free .
show me similar free apps to " optodrum " .
which university in london has the most faculties ?
how many people smoke in maryland ?
are expensive apps often installed bu fewer users ?
i would like to see the distribution of likes .
what countries have similar scores when it comes to games won ?
from the total of all the countries in the happiness index what is the average value ?
in terms of nominations , which star has the most ?
in the best performance by an actress in motion picture -drama , 60th ceremony , who was nominated , but did not win ?
what is the ranking of areas , according to the total number of people ?
what is the name of the oldest player that has been transferred ?
what is the range of avg_m between the school in 1st place and the school in 100th place ?
in terms of bpm , tell us the range of the songs .
what 's the data telling us when we group the rows according to " low " , " medium " and " high " % of the black population ?
can you find a region with a very low population ratio of hf ?
for reference , obtaining the qs world university rankings is something that i look forward to .
highlight any school with a graduation rate over 90 .
can you tell me the videos which have more than 100 tags ?
what was the rating of the movie " transformers : prime " ?
can you explain how likes are handed out ?
in the present statistics , are there any with zero values ?
how many hospitals does arusha have ?
is the happiness score affected by the economy or other things ?
can you tell me the movie that had the most nominations ?
do you believe that the increase of gdp_per_capita would have an effect on the suicide rates ?
in the year 2000 show the population range in ashley ?
what is the reason given by students who have fathers that work as teachers ?
what scored did jack receive on his final exam ?
determine the distribution of the actors ' ages .
name a country with a high happiness level and a poor economy .
which position is on the field for the longest amount of time ?
is the dispersal of the sale volume of 4770 typical ?
i need a table calculated by gdp_for_year
can you tell me if the population of hispanics distribution is bimodal ?
what is the population of mara ?
tell me the distribution of all hfs .
what is the number of universities if you group them by number of faculties ?
state the quality pertaining to o3 .
is the " coloring book moana " app free or does it cost money ?
show me the apps that have more than 100,000 critiques .
retrieve the average number of installments of the apps updated after 2018 and the apps updated before 2018 .
sort out the best air quality to the worst .
show me what subject has the highest average score
which authors are in this file ?
please put the center -backs in order according to their transfer_fee .
can you tell me the students in senior 3 's distribution of average score ?
is there a correlation between a high asian population and a high white population ?
can you check if more expensive apps have less installs by users ?
what is the number of students that received an a on this exam ?
what is the pass rate of waja springs primary school in 2016 ?
when it comes to the highest score , in which subject can students easily obtain it ?
is there a positive correlation between high asian populations and high white populations by county ?
arrange the movies sorted by the year in which each movie was released .
in descending order , list all the apps based on their size .
find the rate of good air quality among all the days .
classify the stations by days when the air quality is good .
how many people aged 15 -24 from albania died in 1987 due to suicide ?
in 1998 , what countries had a gdp above 200 million ?
can you make two lists with stations according to their frequency of the beginning station and the ending station . ?
look at the table to find the limits of the number of home team scores .
list all the genres included from this list .
with the people who have never married in mind , please give me the range of the number of them .
show me all trips longer than 1,000 minutes
which state has the greatest amount of somkers ?
are there any outliers in pm10 readings from a temporal perspective ?
can you tell me which starter played the longest ?
does the hispanic population have a bimodal distribution ?
what is the ranking of iceland in the world happiness index ?
gain information on the market value of fernando torres from the 2010 -2011 season .
tell me which county has the greatest population in the year 2000 .
based on the home team scores , show the range of conditions
tell me hf 's maximum population .
which counties have the highest and lowest percentages of the hispanic population ? what are their values ?
what groups of actors often work with the same directors ?
what are some of the most popular songs ?
in the happiness index , can you tell me the average value of all the countries ?
have you been informed about what 's happening recently in the news ?
i need to know the average score of the students .
use avg_m and region to group the schools
did a significant number of users like the video " plush - bad unboxing fan mail " ?
tell me which years el raval had more than 200 births .
show the ratio of male to female for the entire population and for each state .
can we infer that higher freedom leads to higher happiness ?
would you be able to find all the videos that do not allow comments or ratings ?
show me how many females are users in this table
in class 5 , which students earned an a ?
how many suicides occurred in 1999 ?
list the genetic disease types that have more than 1,000 diagnosed patients .
show me how to find the median number of visually impaired persons in all regions .
compared to the others , are any of these songs exceptions regarding how wordy they are ?
please show me the trends that generally occur when using bikes in temporal .
is there a relationship between the pass rate and a school 's ownership ?
find out the number of left -backs that were transferred in 2010 .
show actor diane lane 's nominations received in 1993
show the ranking of all the undergraduate and postgraduate students .
tell me the number of times that people have installed the cf life app .
name the students scoring 100 on the final .
is there any evident clustering of the weight of students ?
rank the scores of the home team in descending order .
what is the number if likes from the " plush - bad unboxing fan mail " video ?
can you see if there are any books that are extremely long .
determine merry 's neighbors .
which actor has won the most awards since 2003 ( until 2020 ) ?
what are some books that are exceptionally long ?
what schools have similar rankings in the same district , if any ?
can you tell me the sales volume range of 4225 ?
will the students ' travel time decrease if they spend more time studying ?
tell me the latest version of android “discover color” .
find the size range of apps that support android version lower than 3.0 ?
list of counties in new york that have a hispanic population greater than the state 's average .
which county has the lowest female population ? which county has the highest female population ?
can you tell me if there are an scores less than 30% ?
what is the average time these songs last ?
can you tell me the extreme matches in which there is a score diffrence of more than 5 ?
in ascending order , categorize the neighborhoods by number of male births .
for home team matches before 2000 , what is the average number of goals ?
what is the number of missing readings in this table ?
can you identify the 2016 pass rate for waja springs pr . school ?
how many orange county are asian residents ?
explain the distribution of avg_m in geita .
find the median amount of clinics .
find out any app that is distinctive from the rest .
please indicate the years in which these high -rise buildings were erected .
show the happiness index rankings for the provinces in china .
the games are arranged by the experts by the dates
in this table , give the three smallest amounts of people who are widowed .
what is the relationship between the happiness score and other attributes ?
rank these readings using the pm10 value .
what is the date when " plush - bad unboxing fan mail " becomes trending
retrieve the correlation between the average price and total volume .
can you tell me if the genre of the app influences the price ?
does the pm10 value have normal distribution ?
of all the starters , which one played the longest ?
show me the size of " kids paint free - drawing fun " .
what is the most time given to students for studying ?
in 2010 -2011 what was the mean transfer fee for the premier league ?
sort the countries in groups based on their happiness levels , and make sure the groups have a score limitation of 10 .
looking at all the final winners in the 60th ceremony , tell me the gender distribution of all the actors .
sort through the top 10 gaming apps with the highest number of reviews in descending order .
the chart is used to teach them the range of horsepoer .
find and express what the value range of pm25 is .
determine the total of all paid gaming apps with ratings greater than 4.5
what are the odds of me being born in a country with a population greater than 20,000 people if i was born in the year 2000 ?
what is the average number of births in el raval across the years ?
can you filter the regions population ratio hf below 1.5 ?
how many schools cite a change_p under 0 ?
how will the suicide rates change if the gdp_per_capita increases ?
can you determine if there is an area with a total attribute that is not the same as the sum of all the other attibutes ?
in california , texas , and oregon , what city reached a population of 300,000 in 2009 ?
what are the outliers in the book ratings ?
find current versions that evidently have errors .
tell me the birth distribution of different districts for the year 2017 .
show me the university whose number of teachers is anomalous .
who had a bigger transfer fee than his market fee ?
search all the apps which were recentlt updated
in 2001 , how many undergraduate students did the united kingdom have ?
can you show me the english language fiction books ?
can you tell me the number of people in tanga who are single ?
please put these regions in order by the number of patients .
what are fiction books written in english ?
determine the distribution of male and female births across districts for 2013 -1017 .
list the array of nations that won the majority of games .
can i have a list of all the actresses nominated for best performance by an actress in a motion picture - musical or comedy from 2003 to 2020 ?
retrieve the county with the highest number of female residents .
would the number of teachers in harvard be considered outliers if harvard university was located in new york in relation to every other university in new york ?
can you tell me which genres are available in this dataset ?
can you tell me the amount of students who got an a .
starting with the highest number of teachers and faculty , list the universities in decreasing order .
find the outliers of the years in the history of movie production
tell me what state is expected to have the largest average population next year .
what are the counties with similar trends in poplulation growth ?
list the students from low to high based on their number of failures .
is there any courting between the population and total hfs ?
what is the average black population in each state ?
find the income range of undergraduate students .
for good air quality show the records
can you show me the results of the actors sorted by age ?
can you show me the distribution of the school rankings in geita in 2006 ?
based on the number of matches , can you tell me what the distribution of cities is ?
what was the mean price change in november 2015 ?
what percentage of students earned the average score in senior 3 ?
tell me the average population in the year 2000 .
do very long books exist ?
when looking at the dataset , does it have any video published before 1900 ?
tell me if there are any outliers with respect to the suicide rates .
group countries with similar distribution of suicide in each age range .
list the universities in new york in order of teacher population .
what was the market price for fernando torres during the 2010 -2011 season ?
describe the distribution of the ages of individuals who died by suicide in albania ?
can a publication date help me estimate the cost of a book ?
what are some examples of jobs that the students ' mothers have ?
in the last 10 years , has the gdp of china gone up or gone down ?
list ever region name that begins with the letter " a " .
is it possible to create a few clusters of app sizes ?
which countries have a happiness score above 7 ?
do countries with higher gdp 's have longer average life expectancy ?
do the run -times of normal films fall into one or more clusters ?
are there any patterns in this table indicating the similarities of the number of married and divorced people ?
what is variation between upper and lower ranking for the paid business app ?
tell me how the total hfs are distributed .
in the best television category , are there any winners that are significantly older or younger than all the others ?
how many schools had a negative value of change_p
how are package sizes of gaming apps being distributed ?
please give me the number of universities that are based in the state of new york .
which region presents an anomaly in patient number ?
please take out the suicide records in albania .
can you list all the results in the table about the movie " about schmidt ? "
can you list the movies that fernando lebrija directed
produce any records of suicide rates that are fewer than 0 .
is it typical to have the distribution of the sale volume at 4770 ?
how is gdp related to mteu ?
in arusha , do the hospitals have any groups ?
in each neighborhood in ciutat vella , what was the number of male babies born in 2017 ?
what is the distribution of leagues who paid for transferred players in the year 2010 ?
how is the price distributed among beauty apps ?
in what location was the january 8 , 1879 match between wales and england held ?
who published the most expensive book ?
can you tell me if the number of faculties will increase if the number of teachers increase ?
have more than 100 cases of suicide occurred in any years ?
can you show me the app that costs the most ?
on average , how many clinics are there ?
is the skewing to the left from the distribution of reviews ?
please show me if their is any evidence of the student being clustered by weight .
find a relationship between the school ownership and region .
show me the private school that has the top pass rate from the years 1997 to 2020 .
based on number of reviews , which app ranks highest ?
list the 10 videos with the most likes
can you tell me if the age is correlated with market value ?
show me the average black population for each state .
does the list have any video that was trending before it was published ?
calculate the highest average price for this item .
what is the distribution number of teachers among new york universities ?
identify the region with the best healthcare services with respect to the population ratio of hf .
be sure to discover the trends of o3 with similar values as the stations
for the pm25 , find the range of value .
can you tell me which dates netflix released movies ?
how are the number of teachers distributed among the universities in new york ?
which video is the earliest ?
what 's the hospital count in arusha ?
please tell me the value of the deaf -blind column i need it
cluster the actors based on their ages .
can you inform me the number of actors that won awards in 2000 ?
let me know if there are groups of neighborhoods with similar birth gender ratios .
can you tell me the population distribution as it was in the year 2000 ?
show the data for the good air quality .
name the 10 countries with the lowest suicide rates .
collect the titles of books published this year .
what is the number of faculties within harvard university ?
determine how many left -backs were transferred in 2010 .
are there groupings of suicide rates by country
when considering easter europe as a region , what is the smallest mteo reported ?
can you tell me who is the author of the most expensive book ?
show the neighborhoods in ascending order by the amount of male births .
what is the difference between the annual average rainfall of each chinese province this year ?
could i see a mismatch from the last update to the android version ?
review this dataset and identify any anamalous matches with a score difference greater than 5 .
organize based on population .
what bench player has had the longest career ?
are recently published books more expensive ?
create a list of regions , grouping them by total hfs and population .
can you please identify what the age distribution is ?
please state the average installment number for apps updated both before and after 2018 .
remove the regions where the number of patients is larger than 500 .
choosing based on the number of reviews , show me the laten groups for the gaming apps .
as stated by the age distribution of the winners for best performance by a actor in a motion picture - musical or comedy from 2003 to 2020 who is the actor that has the most abnormal age .
remove regions where there are more than 500 patients
name the country that has more females than males .
in 2012 -2013 season , tell me the ranking by age of the players in the premier league
which team did david come from when he entered the premier league ?
what country scored highest in health ?
is the mean pci in all countries in africa lower than that of european nations ?
what is the standard deviation for the total hfs ?
at the sixtieth ceremony , now many nominees were there for best performance by an actor in a motion picture - drama ?
what is the average goal difference in all matches between the home and away team ?
about how long would you say " beautiful people " is ?
is there a linear relation between the number of comments and the number of likes ?
how much is cf life ?
can you tell me who in class 4 got the highest total ?
tell me the publisher of the most expensive book .
for 2020 , compile a top of the regions based on the pass rate of private schools .
based on the population in 2000 , how would the counties be divided ?
can you sort the movies based on their running time ?
list the schools with the 10 highest pass rates from highest to lowest .
the gdp scores the happiness rate that may or may not be accurate for some countries .
show me all apps with recent updates .
what bpm is the most common one that is used by songs ?
is there a correlation between the number of births in a district and the number of neighbourhoods ?
please make a list of all fiction books written in english .
what was the total amount of revenue made by the film “titanic” ?
what was the sale volume of 4225 on 7 /5 /2015 ?
can you expaine to me how the book ranking is issued .
retrieve the outliers that have extremely high gender ratios in the neighborhoods from 2014 to 2017 .
how can i access the largest transfer fee over the years ?
is there any correlation between ownership of schools and pass rate ?
state the total number of single people in tanga .
how are different kinds of universities spread across various locations ?
have books become lengthier over the years ?
are defensive midfielders typically cheaper than attacking midfielders ?
what poverty stricken country has the happiest population ?
in the city of arusha , what is the number of hospitals .
please rank all the countries in the world by population in descending order .
what is the linear relationship between the installations and the price for paid apps , if any ?
regions in the table need to be cataloged .
show me the sale volume of 4048 on august 30 , 2015 .
what is the lowest score and the highest score in the final exam ?
show the value range of pm25 .
identify the county that has the least population each year .
all lifestyle apps have a median rating of what ?
locate the outliers , amongst the neighborhoods , with extremely high gender ratios from 2014 to 2017 .
my willingess i find that largest number of home team scores and away team scores .
make a list of the top regions by passage rate of private schools in 2020 .
excluding california , show me the state that has the largest population .
enumerate the genres that appear in this list .
according to the sale volume of 4225 , please identify the range .
please determine the potential id categories .
what are the types of genres included on this list ?
what apps have a very low rating , but have a large number of installations , if any ?
demonstrate the names of schools in geita .
during the game , how many goals did liverpool have ?
over the years , have movies increased duration in running time ?
is it possible to group the books based on those that have roughly the same number of pages ?
are there any applications related to gaming which are sized under fifty megabytes and received ratings better than 4.5 ?
show me who were the final winners in all the categories in the 60th ceremony ?
show all regions where schools are ranked in both the top 10 as well as bottom 10 .
over time , do people continue to have the same needs for different types of films ?
name three days with highest total volume starting with the highest to the lowest .
show me the number of undergrad students between 2000 and 2018 .
examining the rate of the gdp in the middle region of china , is the mode more than 7% in 2018 ?
tell me if the are with the larger amount of separated people also have a large amount of divorced people .
can you tell me which continent has the highest number of countries in the top 10 happiness index ?
if the number of teachers increase , will the number of faculties increase as well ?
in geita , where is the closest hf ?
are there any observable mismatches between the last updated time and the android version ?
where was the match between england and wales held 1879 -01 -08 ?
are there any companies that regularly win best performance by an actor in a motion picture - musical or comedy ?
please arrange the clubs in accordance with the shooting attempts .
is it true that if the location has a huge number of separated people , it would equate to a huge number of divorced people as well ?
in matches held before 2000 what is the average number of goals for home team matches ?
show me the county that despite being poor , has the happiest people .
in regards to books published by dark horse comics , can you tell me how long their books are on average ?
see if there are any similarities between all of the hfs and the population .
list the amount of people either separated , divorced or widowed in lindi .
can you tell me the ranking by population of these regions ?
sort the players by their market value in the 201 -2011 season .
is there any years in which the rate of suicide is bigger than the rate of other years .
count the books released by dark horse comics .
in the 60th ceremony , who is the candidate but not winner for the best performance by an actress in a motion picture -drama ?
what is the range of students ' scores in cw2 ?
can you determine the difference of the total volume between december 27th , 2015 and november 29th , 2015 ?
do the seasons where players were transferred to the premier league have any clustering ?
what is the average number of births per year in el raval ?
is there a correlation between the release year and the running time ?
can you rank the regions in the number of countries .
list countries that exceed finland 's happiness score , but score lower than finland 's gdp .
find the final winners for all categories in the 60th ceremony .
how many days is the average price less than 1.00 ?
quantify the caliber of the o3 .
show me the students ' average score .
for the countries listed place them into a happy group or a not happy group .
how many smokers does maryland have ?
what are the languages that the series is written in ?
what is the student 's total point distribution ?
find out the o3 distribution .
cluster the similar locations based on the pollution .
is there a tendency for apps with more installations to have higher ratings ?
how many books have been released by dark horse comics ?
does this table reveal anything about the dispersal of students who were given an f ?
do counties with a high asian population also tend to have a high white population ?
which videos have at least 100 tags ?
which team won the game ?
in descending order , show me the videos according to the time they were published .
what is the amount of times cf life application has been installed ?
based on family and health scores , provide the number of clusters each country can have .
tell me the mean for number of births in el raval over the years .
order the table by generated time
group the trip time by the beginning station
show me two lists , in ranking order by the frequency of the beginning and ending station .
compile a list of books published in 2020 .
what regions if any contain schools with a difference in rank above two hundred
can you tell me the earliest video
do price and installations for paid apps have a linear relationship ?
in cw1 , how many students were given full marks ?
find the country that has the lowest suicide rate .
find the distribution of ages in albania more than 100 suicides .
is the distribution of the sale volume of 4770 normal ?
is there a positive correlation of likes and comments ?
is the instructional staff at harvard university abnormally large compared to others ?
can you tell me some pop songs that have been released by the artist sam smith ?
which county is two standard deviations lower than the national average when it comes to their white population percentage ?
what is the distribution with respect to the number of likes ?
retrieve the distributions of the leagues who paid for transferred players in 2010 .
show me a raking of the regions according to the 2020 pass rate of their private schools .
what are the titles of fiction books written in the english language ?
give me songs that are similarly loud and energetic .
what are geita school names ?
i can’t wait to find out how lucas mcgee did on the midterm exam .
show me a list of business apps in order according to their price .
calculate the difference of the gdp in western europe versus eastern europe .
what disease is most common in these areas ?
if new york was the state where harvard university was located , would the number of teachers in harvard be outliers , compared to all the universities in new york ?
what is the market value of fernando torres in the 2010 -2011 season ?
what are some songs that are similarly loud and energetic ?
can you tell me whether ownership influences avg_m ?
what percentage of people in ohio have attempted to quit smoking ?
do you think the revenue increased as the number of movies in the series increased for the lord of the rings franchise ?
how did the average price change in november 2015 ?
determine the population of mara .
what number of countries have a population in excess of 100 million ?
what is the total number of countries populated above 100 million ?
list all categories of grade types .
can you find the score jack received in the final exam ?
look for current versions that obviously have errors .
how many times the video " plush - bad unboxing fan mail " have been liked ?
could you tell me what the income in 2001 was of undergraduate and postgraduate students in the united kingdom ?
how many people have been separated , divorced , or widowed in lindi ?
where in the last ten years has the happiness score largely increased ?
please indicate the population of mara .
show me how to determine the standard deviation of the number of teachers in all universities .
please show me in the map the distribution of countries that have produced movies .
lifestyle apps , has a median ranking of what ?
show me the videos based on when they were published in descending order .
can you tell me if in the middle region of china , is the mode of the increasing rate for the gdp is more than 7% in 2018 ?
can you list all the videos that have received likes from more than 1 million users ?
describe the dispersion of the populace .
how many times was nicholas nickleby nominated in the ceremony from 2003 to 2020 ?
i would like to see the nominations received by actor diane lane in 1993 .
what was the earliest film produced , in any category , that in the 60th ceremony won ?
describe the relation between gdp and mteu
please write the names of every actor that was nominated for best performance by an actress in a motion picture - musical or comedy from the years 2003 to 2020 .
what is the longest time the students study for ?
what is the median age of suicide , in albania , from the years 1987 to 2020 ?
using the information of the rating , installations , and amount of reviews , which app 's rating doesn 't seem to follow the trend ?
how many goals in the game were scored by liverpool ?
rank the attacking midfielders based on their market_fee .
list all of the winners from the 60th ceremony along with where they come from .
which country has a high happiness score but also has a low economic score ?
can you specify how many groups of players have similar ages /market value ratios ?
out of the 50 states , how many states are in the eastern standard time zone ?
can you tell me when " plush - bad unboxing fan mail " first began to trend ?
tell me the date of the last unity cf update .
delete all records with na values
tell me which counties have a percentage of females less than 45% .
how many scores are lower than 30% ?
tell me the ages of students distributed .
what movie was the first one released to theaters ?
show me the average score the students received .
show the cluster with the highest number of births among the neighborhoods across the years .
which person made the most progress ?
can you put the universities in order according to the number of faculties and teachers ?
name the country who won the highest number of games .
figure out the average number of comments from the videos by " eminemvevo " .
who do you think the greatest football player ever ?
from a temporal prespective , are there any outliers in pm10 reading ?
data was added to the table by netflix when ?
how are the student ages distributed ?
am i able to determine the cost of the book from the date it was published ?
which business app is installed most among teens ?
is it possible for russian cities to be grouped in terms of population ?
is the whole of spain covered by the stations ?
tell me about the distribution regarding the amount of liverpool has spent on player transfers for every season .
what is the linear relationship between price and installations for paid apps ?
i want the highest rating number .
did students receive high grades with the aid of teachers ?
which player had a market value of 50,000,000 and was transferred for 58,500,000 in the 2010–2011 season ?
describe how the average price changed in november of 2015 ?
what is the influence of matching years on the score difference between two matching teams
what was the most common grade received by students ?
what is the number of students with full marks in cwi ?
in reverse order , sort the countries by their happiness score .
amongst all the final winners in the 60th ceremony , what is the gender ratio of these actors ?
does the neighboring region schools have a smiliar avg_m ?
search where the outlier of the ratings among gaming apps can be located .
is there a relation between the population in 2000 and 2001 ?
is there a correlation between life expectancy and the amount of people who smoke ?
tell me the allocation of cities to matches .
does a correlation exist between the number of births between the two genders ?
identify geita 's school with the lowest pass rate .
remove the timestamps when sants ha a pm10 reading greater than 100
i have an inquisition as to the state with the most protracted life expectancy in america .
check the years from 2014 to 2017 for outliers where the gender ratio is extremely high .
what are anomalous values of undergraduate income and postgraduate income ?
display the ten regions that have the most health centers .
what percentage of the blount county , alabama population is white ?
can you tell me who won the award for best performance by an actor in a motion picture - drama in the 60th ceremony ?
what is the range of economy across all the countries
what is the pearson correlation between people with albinism and people with mental impairment ?
can you tell me the highest average price ?
what is the air quality in barcelona -sants on 2018 /1 /11 ?
what authors does dark horse comics most often publish ?
which common age group has the least number in total ?
in all of the regions what is the average of visually impaired people ?
based on the total of undergraduate and postgraduate students , rank the table .
what player 's transfer_fee was an anomaly ?
how much can the ratings differ .
search the age distribution .
in asian countries , what is the distribution of the number of vehicles ?
from a list of only the apps with over 1,000 reviews , find the one that has the highest rating .
do singers release songs with different genres ?
how many total suicides occurred in 1999 ?
can you tell me the array of ratings that paid business apps have been given ?
is avg_m influenced by ownership ?
make a ranked list of the 10 videos with the most likes .
what was the date in which the volume of sales of 4225 exceeded 10,000 ?
what state may have the greatest average population within the next year ?
what are the given attributes of mara ?
are there any anomalies in the number of private schools in 2009 in geita ?
list center -backs by what their transfer_fee was .
in what year did undergraduate students have the highest income ?
sort the schools by change_p in descending order .
what are the anomalies in the number of clinics ?
do you know what country has the lowest rate of suicides ?
can you tell me about the video " plush - bad unboxing fan mail " ?
indicate the latest and earliest updates to " discover color . "
list the lowest and highest per - county female population
in what range will the number of countries in each region fall ?
what is the students ' median score in ce1 ?
characterize the distribution of the ages of individuals who died by suicide in albania .
retrieve the minimum number of male births in the past for all neighborhoods .
which movie was the first to be shown ?
if there is a correlation betwixt the number of undergraduate and postgraduate students , please advise of it .
i want to use the ages of actors for clustering .
can you tell me since when " plush - bad unboxing fan mail " has been trending ?
compared all countries in africa with european countries , can you say that the average pci in the former is lower than the latter .
for the total hfs can you figure out the standard deviation ?
which type of apps has a higher mean rating : free or paid ?
how does the correlation of hispanic and black populations differs across states ?
what is the gdp ranking of china in 2000 ?
filter out the regions with a population ratio of hf below 1.5 .
in geita in 2009 , did the number of private schools have any anomalies ?
rank the top 10 gaming apps according to how many times they have been installed from highest to lowest .
when countries have a happiness score greater than 5 , is there any clustering of gdp ?
show numeric quality of o3 .
i would like to know the average score distribution for students in senior 3 .
can you see if there is a clear boundary that disconnect these applications according to the content and rating ?
can you show me the subject that students easily obtain the highest score ?
can you tell me the correlation between age and travel time ?
larger populations correspond to lower population ratios with hf ?
can you tell me the sales distribution of type 4046 in 2015
are there outliers in the data regarding the number of patients ?
what county had less than 2000 people in 2000 , but had more than 3000 people the following year ?
in the 2011 -2012 season , which center forward was noted with the highest potential worth in the draft market ?
which player had a larger transfer fee than their market fee ?
do videos with longer titles receive more likes than short titles ?
for the film " about schmidt " , please list all results in the table .
can you filter out the timestamps when sants had a pm10 reading large than 100 ?
with the number of films released in 2000 , are there any problems ?
in general , are attacking midfielders paid more than defensive midfielders ?
classify countries by the happiness score to the gdp ratio
show me the pass_r which is the lowest .
what are the lowest and highest amounts in regards to the number of teachers ?
in 2015 , what was the distribution of the sales of type 4046 ?
can you state the area which houses the tallest buildings ?
show the number of inhabitants in mara
which regions contain schools both in the bottom 10 and the top 1 - ?
what was the total amount of earnings captured by the hit movie " titanic " ?
will i know how much a book costs if i know when it was published ?
show me the country that had the greatest population in 2000
can you tell me what the range of registered soccer players in south american countries ?
what would the result be if i used the release year as the measure for the cluster ?
for trip id 173536710 , show me the trip duration .
is there any place with a married population of over 10,000,000 ?
show the different countries with bigger happiness scores than finland has .
what is the average of divorcees in all areas ?
how much of the percentage involved teen apps out of all apps ?
list the songs based on how upbeat they are .
take out the regions that have an hf population ratio less than 1.5 .
find all the videos that received more than 1 million likes .
does the number of faculties change based on the number of teachers ?
show me an area with 700,000 or more married individuals and 40,000 or less divorced individuals .
how big is the range of apps that support a version of android lower than 3.0 ?
name all the authors in the data
how likely is it that , if i was born in 2000 , i was born in a county with no less than 20,000 people ?
how many left -backs trasferred in 2010 ?
tell me the number of the movies directed by the director fernando lebrija
is there a time of day that has a low pm10 value but the overall air quality is still bad ?
find the nation with the highest number of game wins .
what is the population distribution of every city in every state ?
group movies with similar descriptions ( tags ) .
can you tell me the distribution of the travel time between wells st & elm st and lake shore dr & ohio st ?
which area has the tallest buildings ?
what county in ca . has the highest number of native americans ?
select stations with values ​​and trends close to o3 .
they learned how to find the range of horsepower from the chart .
can you sort every county in connecticut by percentage of hispanic population ?
in sants , what was the pm10 reading at 0 :00 on 1 /11 /2018 ?
please put the books with the same prices together .
on the date of 2015 /7 /5 , how many 4225 were sold ?
give the average pm25 of the sants this year .
what are some highly popular songs ?
what is the value distribution of deaf -blind patients ?
is it true the higher gdp of a country the longer the people live ?
find the ratio of each country according to happiness score and gdp , then list countries according to that ratio .
find the place that has both : less than forty thousand individuals who are divorced , and had more than seven hundred thousand people who are married .
how many schools has a negative change p ?
consider patient numbers and find the anomalous region .
ascertain for me what is the mean number of clinics
in these regions , which disease occurs most often ?
find the average difference between goals scored by the home team and away team in all matches
what number of product categories do you possess ?
how did china rank in terms of gdp in 2000
in the best television category , is there any winner that is an outlier considering age ?
in 2017 , how many movies came out ?
can you please rank the regions according to the number of countries ?
based on the number of faculties , how many different groups of universities exist ?
show me the distribution of the school rankings in geita in 2006 .
could you tell me the average populace in 2000 ?
display the sales of type 4046 that was distributed in 2015 .
how many categories are there in apps
what is the number of finance apps in total ?
collate schools by both avg -m and region .
what was the neighborhood with more than 100 female births in ciutat vella during 2013 ?
show the new york counties that have a higher hispanic population than the state’s average .
would you say that the tempo of the songs is typically upbeat ?
please indicate the number of american actors that were in the 60th ceremony . name them .
how large is the housing area that may be obtained by each individual in california ?
please retrieve albania 's gdp in 1987 .
how are the age groups distributed demographically ?
based on happiness , split the countries into two different categories .
in terms of low , medium , and high segments in a given county , can black populations be grouped ?
what is the range of value for the deaf -blind column
is there any correlation between the ownership and pass rate of schools ?
tell me how many schools have a negative change_p ?
tell me the oldest user 's birth year .
which continent has more countries listed in the top 10 on the happiness index ?
in american states , are there any anomalies regarding cancer mortality rates ?
what are the age ranges of suicides in albania ?
what amount of videos have been liked by over 1 million users ?
what is the number of movies released in 1998 ?
are there books that have the same number of pages
in what year did albania have the largest number of suicides ?
show me channels like " eminemvevo " .
name the county with a white population that is far below average .
please list all the videos by the number of likes received on the " eminem /vevo " channel .
show me the california county with the highest native american population .
of trip id 17536702 , what is the user type ?
what was the distribution of the leagues that played for transferred players in 2010 ?
what was fernando torres worth in the 2010 -2011 season ?
is there a correlation between the number of installations and the number of reviews ?
please explain how the birth years of users are distributed .
are likes and comments on a positive trend ?
please arrange the order of regions according to the number of patients
the maximum difference is achieved in which subject ?
in all california counties , tell me the overall range of the black population .
through time have books gotten longer ?
what is the relationship between travel time and age ?
can you tell what language " the art of super mario odyssey " was written in ?
is it possible to see high density large regions when the hispanic population density is plotted on a map of the us ?
find the channels similar to " eminemvevo " .
does a high white population correlate with a high asian population in ant counties ?
sort the books by similar prices .
please state the standard deviation of the number of teachers in all the universities .
show me the distribution of demographic groups per age
can you find me the county that grew from less than 2000 people in 200 to more than 3000 people in 2001
can you let me know what the range is for the premier league transfer fee in 2010 -2011 ?
find geita private schools mean value for the year 1996 .
are all happiness score statistics worth trusting ?
what county has a percentage of white population below the national average which is two standard deviations ?
can you organize the results of the table by sorting the list according to the age of the stars ?
please list any anomalies in asian countries growth rates .
the nearest hf for geita is located where ?
which bench player played the longest ?
if any records have na values , please remove them .
can we find all the records of people who died at the age of 15 -24 by suicide ?
in the 10 most highly populated states , what are the highest and lowest estimated levels of lung and bronchus cancer ?
how is the avg_m in geita distributed ?
tell the odd value of the travel between the two most used stations
can you identify the least common age for me ?
some songs use a common bpm , can you name the bpm used most ?
rank all the counties according to their population in the year 2000 and present a list of them .
when it comes to cf life how much is it ?
what app has the highest rating with over 1,000 reviews ?
is there a correlation between suicide rates and gdp per capita ?
give me a list of videos , ordered by the number of likes , that are on the channel " eminemvevo "
in 2016 , what is peacland english medium school on change_pre ?
regarding the 60th ceremony , who were the nominees in the best performance by an actress in a motion picture - drama , but lost ?
what is the least of all o3 readings ?
find the relationship between a book 's publication date and its price .
what is the distribution of school ranking in geita from 2006 ?
which 10 international locations have the lowest suicides rates ?
for the pm10 value we need to find the lower and upper limits .
retrieve the group of neighborhoods with the highest number of births
place the distribution of the population in their respective categories .
does the travel time of any trips require more than 1,000 minutes ?
in regards to film lengths , can a group of similar times be found 
for all regions , can you find the minimum and the maximum numbers of patients with autism ?
how is the relation between hispanic and black populations different in individual counties in other states ?
between 2013 and 2017 , what was the distribution of births for both males and females in all districts ?
sort the list of apps by rank .
what regions have more than 10,000,000 married people ?
show me the percentage of undergrad students worldwide in 2001 .
locate highly prolific authors .
remove the albanian suicide records .
in the data , list out all the authors .
retrieve the list of names of all the actors nominated for best performance by an actress in a motion picture , musical , or comedy from 2003 -2020 .
are there outliers in the correlation of the average price and the total volume ?
tell me the correlation between the number of installations and the number of reviews .
can you tell me how many likes the video " plush - bad unboxing fan mail " has ?
is there anything wrong with the number of movies released in 2000 ?
are the rankings for schools in the same district similar ?
tell me the name of the university with more than 30 faculties and more than 50 teachers .
are there any anomalies in how the actors ' ages are distributed ?
wherein did the winners come from in the sixtieth ceremony ?
can you tell me the gdp distribution of all the countries ?
with the hardest data to collect what is the most na values ?
show a size range of apps that support versions of andriod lower than 3.0 .
for deaf -blind patients , what is the value distribution ?
when listing the regions place them in the table .
obtain all the anomalies that the hospitals have .
tell me the universities in london that have the most faculties .
may i get some sam smith song titles of his pop tunes ?
what genres are included in this list ?
show the youngest student and the oldest student .
how many pop singers are listed ?
the highest total volume fell on which day ?
is there any trend in how often people use bikes temporally ?
over the years , what was the highest transfer fee ?
where is sants in barcelona ?
how would you cluster the regions according to the number of patients of all diseases using dbscan ?
according to the gdp , can countries be classified ?
did any of the students show unexpected results in any exam ?
identify authors that have written a great many works .
what are the 10 countries with the lowest suicide rate ?
classify the 2000 population ranking of the county .
can you show me the age distribution .
in all regions , what are the maximum and minimum numbers of patients with autism ?
which county has the most residents that are female ?
tell me the average amount of people in ashley for the year 2000 .
can you tell me where did the winners come from in the 60th ceremony ?
what percent of the apps are aimed at teens ?
how many hospitals are there in arusha ?
show me a list of students by their grades .
tell me what was the gdp of albania in 1987
display the oldest and youngest student .
determine the correlation between the region and the school ownership .
what year was the movie " the hours " released ?
is the result affected by the actors’ nationality ?
which one achieved the greatest progress ?
name the authors that are most commonly published by dark house comics ?
what country has a suicide rate lower than 1.0 ?
within the dataset , are there any anomalous matches that have a score difference of more than 5 ?
within the hospitals in arusha are there any groups ?
can you tell me if there is a day when the sum of the volume of the three types is not equal to the total volume ?
are you aware of the differences in the boys and girls cw2 scores ?
can you rank the areas by the total number of people ?
what 's the exact size of " kids paint free - drawing fun " .
locate the rate of good air great amongst all of the days .
can you show me the change_pre of peacland english medium school in 2016 ?
locate the biggest city on earth .
which five countries are at the bottom of the happiness score ?
which regions have greater than 20 schools ?
when compared together will both the o3 and pm10 value expand with one another ?
determine the connection between the age of a star and the nomination .
what is the process of distributing book ratings ?
is there any year in which the number of boys born in each district exceeds the number of girls born by at least 10 percent ?
can you calculate the average running time of every television show ?
what is the average student score ?
i am anxious about the results of lucas mcgee 's midterm exam
please name all videos with over one million likes .
what type of distribution do the package sizes of the gaming apps have ?
netflix has been not always been open with it data , when did it start putting data on the table ?
please identify the distribution of the amount liverpool spent on player transfers in every season .
sort the neighborhoods by the number of baby boys born from lowest to highest .
rank the 10 most liked videos .
can you tell me what the tallest building in taiwan is ?
what place was the " transformers : prime " produced ?
write down the regions with over 20 schools .
which movie has earned the most money ?
what is the rating score for " cf .lumen "
are there scores less than 30% ?
show me the city in california with the largest amount of newborns on 1st of march , 2000 .
did you find any evident clustering ?
i want to get the gdp ranking of european countries as soon as possible .
list the regions according to their number of patients .
is it likely a country with high population would want to lower the speed of population growth ?
sort california counties by total population .
please tell me the speechiness distribution .
how old was david when he was transferred in 2010 ?
do the reviews skew towards the left when it come to their distribution ?
show me the midfielders that attacked and rank them by their market_fee .
write how much larger is the gpd in western europe than in eastern europe
is the attribute rating affected by the attribute installation ?
does the value distribution of albinism look skewed ?
what is relationship between the population ratio of hf and the economic system of those regions ?
other than california , which state has the largest population ?
what is the name of the station at the southmost end ?
who would iceland have to outscore to move up in happiness rankings ?
i would like to read the distribution in school rankings for geita in the year 2006 .
what is median age of suicides in albania from 1987 to 2020 ?
can you tell me the percent of apps for teens out of all apps ?
what amount of clinics are in mara ?
show me all the united kingdom domestic league games .
please tell me if the value for pm10 has a normal distribution
what other channels are similar to " eminemvevo " ?
what school has a pass rate under 100 in the mwanza region ?
how does the population ratio of hf compare to the economy of these regions ?
do pm10 and o3 share a linear pattern ?
is the average in the final exam , of class 5 worse than class 1 ?
does the social network have groups ?
list the names of the schools in the mwanza region that have a pass_rate of less than 100 .
explain the air quality change throughout a day and each air pollutant .
what was the largest transfer fee ever ?
what can i expect to see for genres in this dataset ?
what 's the total number of countries with a happiness rating higher than 7 ?
when liverpool played , what was the amount of goals they made ?
do any regions have extremely low population ratios of hf ?
in descending order , make a list of the top 10 actors who received the most awards among all the records .
which school has the worst pass rate in geita ?
would travel time go down if students spent more time studying ?
list both the youngest and oldest student .
would students fail more in class if they spent less time studying ?
what 's the difference of male births numers in el raval between two consecutive years ?
has the happiness score suddenly decreased in any country within a year ?
find and name the largest app .
could you tell me what the rating score for the app " cf .lumen " is ?
i would like to see the table ranked by the ages of the actors .
which stste has the largest population excluding california ?
can you tell me the age range in this table ?
have you heard the most recent news ?
which years are the income of postgraduate students were higher than those of undergraduate students ?
create two lists that rank stations according to the frequency of both the starting and ending station .
how many students received an a in this exam ?
which students scored 100 on the final exam ?
can we arrange the applications into three categories according to their ranking , subject matter , and type ?
where are the extreme matches with a score difference of more than 5 ?
have books increased in length throughout the years ?
find the group of neighborhoods with the highest number of births among them across the years .
can you determine whether or not the length of a video 's title means it gets more likes ?
do the different genres have the same rating distribution ?
what 's the number of videos which over 1 million users pressed like on ?
for each genre , organize the apps based on the number of reviews .
does harvard university have a number of teachers outside the normal range ?
will the attribute " rating " be affected by the attribute " installation " ?
when was the last time unity cf revised ?
what amount of maryland residents smoke ?
can you tell me what percentage of people tried to quit smoking in the state of ohio ?
organize the regions by total hfs and population .
what is the size of the housing area for each individual in california ?
would you say that the structure of the people in katavi is almost the same as in simiyu ?
what is the average number of registered soccer players in south american countries ?
find all the groups of countries with similar gdp in the last 20 years .
show me a cluster of the schools according to their ownership , rank , and their pass rate .
tell me the average gdp of countries in western europe .
what kinds of books out there are fictional and also written in the english language ?
how are these schools geographically distributed to geita ?
which location is the harvard university in ?
the lowest income country is located on what continent ?
among the winners in the best performance by an actor in a motion picture - musical or comedy , is there any evidence of clustering based on the film company ?
for each state , work out the average number of black people .
list some pop songs written by sam smith .
what is the maximum transfer fee in 2010 -2011 in the premier league ?
are there any suicide rate years that spike higher than other years ?
if i have a list of music , what would be the average length of the songs on it ?
graph the genre percentages .
please define the range of upper and lower bounds for the amount of teachers ?
find the matches the score difference was greater than 5 .
produce a list of book titles published during the current year .
can you name the highest rated gaming app ?
were there any years with a lot more suicides than any other year ?
what high and low scores did the boys get in their mid term exams ?
in all neighborhoods , what is the minimum number of male births over all the years ?
what is the range of gdp_per_capita in the albania from 1987 to 2020 ?
what state will have the biggest average population within the next year ?
show me how many clusters these countries can be in based only on their family and health scores .
rank the counties in california by their total population .
what is the number of students who have stay -at -home moms ?
the total highest score was done by which student ?
on average , how tall are the building floors ?
the experts classified the games acoding to the date
what state has the highest life expectancy in america ?
can you tell me how the students are distributed by age ?
what days had really bad air quality ?
what is the age range in this table ?
the gdp european ranking of its countries is something i want .
which subject is the highest score easily obtainable ?
show me how the number of likes are distributed .
show me the association between the amount of male and female births .
how did most students score on the exam ?
calculate the range of speechiness .
make sure to filter out all timestamps that include sants pm10 readings greater than 100 .
from what location did the winners of the 60th ceremony come from ?
tell me the sale volume of 4046 on the date of august 30 , 2015 .
put the regions in order according to the number of countries .
what is the amount of likes the channel " eminemvevo " received in total ?
i need the market value of fernando torres for the year 2010 -2011 .
is the avg_m influenced by ownership ?
do channels with more likes tend to be larger ?
the ratio of a country 's happiness score to its gdp should be used to sort the countries .
which country has the smallest number of inhabitants each year ?
tell me the travel time distribution between wells st & elm st and lake shore dr & ohio st .
tell me what the upper and lower bounds of the number of teachers ?
categorize the clubs based on their shooting attempts .
find me the video that has the most tags out of any other in the selection .
in cancer rates in the united states are there any deviations in the mortality rates ?
show me the interval at which app prices are concentrated .
looking for all the anomalies in hospital
could you show me which sector houses the buildings with the most height ?
put the counties of california in order by total population .
in the previous decade , in which area did the happiness score increase quickly ?
out of maryland how many people smoke ?
will the increase of pm10 imply increased o3 ?
count the number all paid gaming apps higher than 4.5 .
when taking android 3.0 or lower in to consideration , what is the size range of apps it 's capable of supporting ?
i 'm itching to know the highest total score receiver in class 4 .
show me the average number of comments in the videos published by " eminemvevo
determine which university has an anomalous number of teachers .
obtain the minimum for all o3 readings .
are there any countries that may have an inaccurate happiness score with respect to their gdp ?
for undergraduate students , what is the income range ?
work out the average amount of comments that the videos receive .
in descending order , list three days with the highest total volume .
tell me how albinism is spatially and temporally correlated across the planet .
which building is taiwan 's tallest ?
since yesterday , what videos were published ?
determine the pattern in the similar number of married and divorced people in this table ?
please describe the distribution of the population .
tell me if the video " plush - bad unboxing fan mail " have more likes than dislikes
what travel takes the longest time ?
in the united states what is the average size of the territories of the states ?
explain how the air pollutant and air quality change in a single day .
what video has the most likes and is removed ?
describe the range of suicide rates in 1987 .
when correlating average price and total volume , are there any outliers ?
put the countries together by happiness score with a limitation of 10 .
tell me how many movies were released in 1998 .
wtih respect to albinism , describe the spatial and temporal correlation .
the pass rate of waja springs pr . school was what in 2016 ?
most students received which grade ?
is there a relationship between the location and number of teachers ?
tell me the number of variables which defines the happiness score .
countries with similar population growth
i would like to utilize the actor 's age as a way to group them .
place movies into groups with similar descriptions .
how does the air quality vary throughout the day ? and the variation of the air pollutant ?
find how long it would take to get home from school .
show each genre from the list .
what period of time is captured in this table ?
compare likes and comments for any correlation .
order the countries alphabetically .
show me a list of apps reviewed by over 100,000 people .
iceland belongs to what region ?
tell me every video that was published prior to yesterday .
display the value distribution of o3 , including missing values .
retrieve the neighborhood with more than 100 female births in ciutat vella in 2013 .
show me books that have abnormally low ratings
what is the highest and lowest rating for each app ?
what are the maximum and minimum scores received in the midterm exam among all the boys ?
retrieve the actor gender distribution of the final winners in the 60th ceremony .
bundle up the books that have a similar price .
tell me if there were any errors with the amount of movies released in 2000 ?
on july 5 , 2015 , there was how many of 4225 sold ?
provide the difference between the highest and lowest ranges in the deaf -blind column .
what is the mean population of ashley in 2000 ?
what are the apps that offer a low large number of installations but have a very low rating ?
which extreme matches have a score difference of more than 5 ?
what universities have a similar number of teachers ?
how many different groups of universities are there according to the number of faculties ?
of all of the apps that exist , what percentage are designed for teens ?
what is the distribution of the books ratings ?
what effect does the android version have on its installations ?
how do the release year and the revenue relate ?
when players are transferred to the premier league , how much is the average transfer_fee ?
what is the distribution of countries that have produced movies in the map ?
find all the suspicious looking publication times .
what is the relationship between the population and total hfs ?
has the length of books increased throughout the years ?
is there any country with a suicide rate lower than 1.0 ?
organize the list of universities by their number of faculty members and teachers
in the world happiness index , where does iceland rank ?
when countries have a happiness score more than 5 , does the research show any clustering of gdp ?
make a list of the videos that contain " eminem " in their title .
tell me if the schools that are in the same district have similar rankings .
show me he country with the highest health score .
what was the difference between the total volume on december 27 , 2015 , and the total volume on november 29th , 2015 ?
what 's the distribution of the demographic age groups ?
" hf " population ratio maximum is what number ?
are more expensive books newly published ?
what are the top 10 videos in terms of likes in the channel " eminemvevo " ?
tell me which genetic diseases have more than 1,000 patients .
which counties have a happiness score greater than 5 ?
of the universities in america which ones are in new york ?
what is the average number of suicides that we can find in europe ?
using gdp_per_capita what is the highest ?
out of all the subjects , whats the highest average score ?
describe the o3 value distribution
show me the income range of all undergraduate students .
if gdp per capita increases , how will suicide rates change ?
what is the median happiness for all countries in different regions .
can you tell me which year the movie " the hours " was released ?
determine if the pm10 value has normal distribution .
we would like to see what the distribution is of the health score in different regions .
please show me the full range of scores for students in the cw2 class .
determine the geolocation of sants
in which region would you find iceland ?
identify any groups that emerge considering the number of reviews for the given gaming apps .
does the number of likes move in the same direction as the number of comments ?
what is the largest population ratio of hf ?
can you tell me if there are any outliers in the book ratings ?
which videos were liked by more than a million users ?
show me the distribution of births in different districts in 2017 .
tell me the app size ranges
is there a correlation between apps with more installations and higher ratings ?
show me the number of downloads for the cf life app
retrieve the average happiness score of all countries in different regions .
what is the duration included in this table ?
tell me what would be observed if the rows were grouped into " low " , " medium " , and " high " black population percantages .
what is the popularity rank of the loudest song ?
report the pass_r that is the least
the highest number of smokers are found in which state ?
can you tell me the sale volume of 4046 on 2015 /8 /30 ?
show me the rank of regions according to the number of countries .
in terms of temporal perspective , is there the presence of any deviations in pm10 readings ?
can you find in geita the amount of people exposed to albinism ?
in the transferred players , who is the oldest ?
identify all the friendly tournament matches in which the away team lost to the home team .
please provide the rate of passing at waja springs pr school
can you tell me what region has the largest number of people with autism ?
what are all the apps that have a perfect rating and a lot of reviews ?
can you tell me if the supported android version of an app have any impact on its installations ?
tell me the range of page counts
what is the score interval of paid business apps ?
does song popularity correlate with bpm in the song ?
would you consider the ditribution of sales volume of 4770 to be normal ?
how much is the most given study time for students ?
what number of cars were in japan and korea between 2000 and 2010 ?
in the united kingdom , list the 2001 income for undergraduate and postgraduate students .
can transferred players be bought for prices lower than their market value ?
calculate the rate of good air quality throughout all the days .
what other apps are like " cloud of books " .
present the records of those aged 15 -24 who committed suicide .
which videos have missing thumbnail links ?
does a score below 30% exist ?
in terms of dark horse comics books , please tell me the author they have collaborated with the most ?
what are the attacking midfielders ranked in accordance to their market fee ?
do you know the pm10 reading in sants on 2018 /1 /11 at 0.00 ?
choose all the cw1 scores which are greater than 80% .
can you show me the three smallest numbers of widowed people in this table ?
what communities are in the social network ?
did each country studied achieve the expected score for happiness ?
are there any students whose performance on the exam fell outside the anticipated framework ?
while considering the average annual rainfall of chinese provinces , is there anything distinct or of note ?
tell me which dimensions make up the happiness score ?
show me what business apps teens installed the most .
put into a numerical list the listed genres .
can you tell me the average number of hospitals ?
i show the number of likes received by their distribution .
specify an extraordinarily bad air quality in a particular day .
what type of jobs do the mothers of students have ?
the apps should be sorted according to size .
show me the 2006 distribution of school rankings in geita .
is there any abnormalities with the vegetative cover in brazil in recent years ?
can you summarize the video " plush - bad unboxing fan mail " , for me ?
what universities have similar numbers of teachers
what year was teh film " the hours " released to the public
in 2010 , at what age was david when he was transferred ?
are there any videos in your dataset that were published prior to 1900 ?
organize the students by amount of failures in increasing order .
for the awards , i 'm interested in identifying actors that won them .
what is kibo mcgee 's midterm score
does acceleration of gdp per capita affect the suicide rates ?
what is the number of the faculties at harvar university ?
do any countries have a suicide rate below 1.0
identify the span of numeric values that pertain to the individuals who have always been single .
the population ratio binned with a bin size of 0.5 has to be displayed .
show me the distribution by age .
adjust records and rank by year .
does a student 's grade have anything to do with the city he /she comes from ?
depending on the year , are your needs the same for the different types of films ?
does the increase in gdp_per_capita change the suicide rates ?
has there been an increase in player valuation throughout the seasons ?
can you tell me the latest version of discover color for android ?
the titanic movie made how much revenue ?
please group the videos by the number of likes and the length of the video description .
can you tell me the amount of likes the video " plush - bad unboxing fan mail " have ?
what 's the average duration of a tv show ?
show me the minimum for all the o3 readings
which area had it 's hapiness score increased quickly in the last ten years ?
determine any category ids that are not integers .
find genetic diseases for which there have been over 1,000 patients .
does clustering appear to be happening ?
list the countries with a gdp over 200 million in 1998
according to the starting stations order the trip durations
do all the countries in africa have an average pci that is lower than that in european countires ?
on 1879 -01 -08 what was the location of the england and wales match .
i 'm dying to learn the midterm result of lucas mcgee .
what is the age that is the least common ?
show me the cluster of the region by the number of schools
what are the total number of publications by dark horse comics ?
what percentage of all apps are teen apps ?
kindly rate the regions on the basis of the number of patients
of the songs ed sheeran 's has done , which one is the loudest ?
what was the distribution of school ownership in geita in 2006 ?
what is the effect on the revenue in a series of movies , as more movies are added to the series ?
in all matches , what is the average goal difference between the home and away team ?
what is the rate of suicide distribution ?
which video has the most tags ?
what continent has the country with the lowest income ?
find videos with unusual titles
are there large regions with high densities when we plot the hispanic population density on a us map ?
in descending order , display all of the apps based on their size .
tell me the state that has the largest population , excluding california .
what was the date of the last unity cf update ?
can you explain the range of the number of people who have never married ?
on average , what position has the longest playing time ?
show me every city in every state 's population distribution .
what are the maximum and minimum scores received by boys in the midterm exam ?
across seasons , has the market value of players gone up ?
on average , how likely are songs to be upbeat ?
what is the distribution of the o3 value ?
what is the package size distribution of gaming apps ?
what is ed sheeran 's loudest song ?
does the dataset for the movie contain any clustering ?
for beauty apps , what is the price distribution among them ?
determine the similar timestamps for the location of sants in terms of the readings .
do facts support that longer lifespans correlate to a country 's elevated gdp ?
what score have the app " cf .lumen " been given ?
show the counties with the highest and least hispanic population , and show their values .
determine if the running time of movies has increased in recent years .
arrange the grades from highest to lowest by average score
i would like to sort all the counties in connecticut by the percentages of the hispanic population .
can you tell me what video was the most liked ?
depending on the passing rate , order the top 10 schools .
can you describe the range including the upper and lower bounds of the number of teachers ?
what is the black population distribution across california counties .
take the average price and total volume and tell me the correlation between them ?
locate the county with outliers in its population .
tell me which app has the most uncummon pattern ?
i can 't wait to get the qs world university rankings .
show the male births by ascending order for the neighborhood .
is it the case that people in countries with higher gdp 's live longer ?
list regions with a name starting with letter " a . "
what is the distribution in the price within beauty apps
what is the total number of all suicides in 1999 ?
is there a particular day with poor air quality ?
in descending order of highest total volume , list three days .
bring back waja springs pr . school 's change_pre in 2006
rank these clubs by their shooting attempts .
show the population range for ashley in 2000 .
show me the school with the worst pass rate in the region of geita .
tell me how various universities are spreaded out in different locations ?
how many game applications have received ratings higher than 4.5 and cost more than $0 ?
tell me the way different types of universities are scattered in several locations .
can you tell me the median rating of all the lifestyle apps ?
are there any trends present with the female to male birth ratio ?
can you name all schools in geita that have a pass rate between 98 and 100 ?
are suicides more likely committed by males than females in albania ?
what category ids are there
can you show me the distribution of the total points of the students ?
i would like to review the dispersement of the amount of nominations .
what common bpm is found most often in songs ?
can you tell me the tendency of the number of vehicles in japan and korea between 2000 and 2010 ?
are there any videos in the dataset that are from before 1900 ?
tell me what the average number of clinics is ?
dark horse comic have released how many books ?
what types of trips do females usually take ?
do some of the books have similarities in their page counts ?
list in descending order the 10 actors who won the most awards .
what is the number of states that follow the eastern standard time zone ?
show me which counties have he highest and lowest percentages of hispanic population and their values .
what is the percentage of individuals who tried to quit smoking in ohio ?
are any songs really short ?
find the free apps .
the maximum differnece is held by what subject ?
for the schools located in the same district , are their rankings similar ?
list the books by brian tracy .
give the location of barcelona - sants ?
which app has a rating that does not follow the trend that is established by the association of the rating , installation , adn number of reviews .
which app with more than 1000 reviews has the highest rating ?
for all european countries , what is their gdp ranking ?
what is the most common way to categorize bpm ?
categorize these countries into two lists based on whether or not they are happy .
considering albinism , identify the spatial and temporal correlation .
search for an app that exceeds 10,000 installs .
give me the relation between albinos and the mentally challenged using the pearson correlation , please .
can any abnormalities be found in the pass rates of waja springs pr . school in 2006 ?
do all the countries in africa have a lower pci than the countries in europe ?
what is the price of the cf life app ?
determine the winner of the award for best performance by an actor in a motion picture -drama from the 60th ceremony .
are there any special characters in the title ?
in 2017 , each neighborhood of ciutat vella had how many male births ?
sort apps according to number of reviews , in each genre .
show me regions of private schools by rank of their pass rate in 2020 .
are there any apps that are free and identical to “optodrum” ?
in lindi what is the number of peoplel with autism ?
how are the number of installations distributed by size ?
show me the distribution shape of the number of installations
tell me which county has the greatest number of female residents .
among the european countries , identify the variance in income .
find the standard deviation of total hfs
do you know if there exist any movies without description ?
does the pass rate of waja springs pr . school in 2006 appear out of the ordinary ?
in 2000 , what was the gdf of china ?
bring all of the books of fiction that have been written in english
sort the table of book ratings in descending order .
can you find a correlation in duration and movie tags ?
tell me which of ed sheeran’s songs is the loudest .
get authors that are extraordinarily productive
what subject has the highest median score ?
what country , despite being poor , has the happiest people ?
how are these schools geograhically distributed in geita ?
categorize all the moves by run time .
which year that undergraduate student income was highest
show the nominations received by actor diane lane in 1993 .
find the stations with similar values and trends of o3 .
write down from best to worst the air quality
for all of the undergraduate and postgraduate students , determine the ranking .
do you know of any trips that take longer than 1,000 minutes ?
the players with the longest playing time are who ?
identify which nations have produced films upon the map .
what are the highest rating apps with over 1,000 reviews ?
what neighborhood had 56 boys born in 2017 ?
before the year 2000 , how many goals did home teams average per match ?
the games are sorted by experts by their date
search for the app that costs the most money .
find the pm10 reading in sants for 1 /11 /2018 at 0 :00 .
given the number of teachers in every university , calculate the standard deviation .
can you give me the range of the ratings that paid business apps got ?
please rank the study time from highest to lowest .
tell me the channel that the video " plush - bad unboxing fan mail " was published on .
show me the distribution of the ratings of the books .
can you show me the genres in this list ?
please list universities located in new york by the number of teachers each has .
tell me if the number of installations and reviews are related .
write down each video that has " eminem " in its title .
what are the names of the students who scored 100 on the final exam ?
retrieve the names of transferred players in la liga in 2010 .
can you tell me what the mean population is in 2000 ?
which one is the highest rating app among the apps with over 1,000 reviews ?
is " kidnapping mr . heineken " the film with the longest run time ?
show me the relationship between the population ratio of hf and the economy of these regions .
has the revenue from the harry potter movies changed and if so , what has changed ?
who were the losing nominees for best actress in a drama movie at the 60th awards ceremony ?
show me if life expectancy has any relation with the percentage of smokers .
this list include what genres ?
what are the most and least female population per county ?
which area , in the previous decade , has had the fastest increase in the happiness score ?
what is the names of books that have weirdly low ratings
show me the actors -aged 60 and over - who won awards in 1997 ?
do any singers cross genres ?
what was the number of undergrad students in the uk in 2001 ?
for the year 1993 , please show actor diane lane 's nominations .
list the students in increasing order of failures .
tell me the total number of installs for " coloring book moana " ?
tell me the maximum and minimum number of patients with autism across all regions .
retrieve the highest number of births in 2007 for all neighborhoods .
determine the correlation , if any , between the total number of hfs and the number of health centers .
what percentage of smokers tried to stop smoking in ohio ?
are books longer than they were years ago ?
can you tell me the business app the most teens have installed ?
what are the odds of a person being born in 2000 to be in a county with more than 20,000 inhabitants ?
in different regions , what is the mean happiness score of all countries ?
have recent years seen an increase in movie run times ?
what is the average size of the united states territories ?
in all regions we need the median numbers of visually impaired individuals .
determine the outcome if i use the year of publication as the cluster parameter .
what is the average happiness score of all countries in different regions ?
give the names of regions in the table .
i feel like knowing which states have more than five million people .
what day has shown sales over 10,000 for 4225 ?
retrieve a list of countries in alphabetic order .
show me the youngest students in the dataset .
show me the data attribute with the most na values , i .e . , hardest data points to collect .
could we expect the quantity of teachers at harvard university to be an aberration compared to other universities in new york if we were to assume harvard was in new york ?
find out who the people are in merry 's neighborhood .
is there an effect on price caused by the app 's genre ?
can you tell me the genres contained in this list ?
in the past few years , has the income generated by harry potter movies reduced ?
find all videos with " eminem " as part of the title .
list the player with theh highest starting rate ?
is the spreading of the hispanic population in two modes ?
based on their age , sort the students .
what is the median age of persons who died of suicide in albania from 1987 to 2020 ?
does there exist a trend for the prevalence of using bikes in temporal ?
what are the most popular songs ?
if you match up years , does that influence how the score difference differs between matching teams ?
draw a plot of the distributions of number of likes .
figure out the average gdp in eastern europe .
show the different in male births in el raval between two consecutive years .
were there any videos in the dataset that were trending before they were published ?
what is the pearson corrlation between those with albinism and mental impairment
which team had the higher score in the game ?
can you indicate what is the state with an offbeat population ?
please indicate the region that performs the best healthcare services with respecte to the population ratio of hf .
can you caluculate th average lengths of all the tv shows ?
show me the video with the most number of tags .
are there more likes than dislikes for the video " plush - bad unboxing fan mail " ?
which california county has the highest population of indigenous peooples ?
how many player transfers , per season were distributed by liverpool
in the year 2000 , how many actors were recipients of awards ?
in 1997 , which movie won the award for best original score - motion picture ?
what is the decreasing trend , if any , in the score difference over the years ?
what is the longest travel time .
identify the mentioned genres .
which american state has the longest life expectancy ?
search for current versions that evidently have errors .
for 2016 , can you tell me the change_pre for peacland english medium school ?
show me groupings of similar timestamps in terms of the readings for the location sants .
please classify the regions by numbers of patients .
take trip id 17536702 and search for the type of user
find the california county with the greatest native american population percentage .
can you give me the number of nominations that nicholas nickleby received in the ceremonies from 2003 to 2020 ?
do videos with longer titles receive more likes ?
what are the districts in barcelona ?
can you sort the universities in new york based on the number of teachers ?
could you list the business apps according to price ?
which student received the highest total score ?
in what way would you group the bpm ?
is there an exception to the wordiness of the songs ?
what is the value of the pass_r in the bottom ranking ?
can you tell me if the region and the school ownership have any correlation ?
indicate the country of origin for each actor who won an award in the 60th ceremony .
show if any vdeos have dislikes .
i would like you to search for videos with very unusual titles .
in the past ten years what is new york 's population range ?
can you tell me the date that netflix added data to the table ?
is the distribution of reviews skewed toward the left ?
in the year 1987 , how many people between the ages of 15 and 24 died by suicide in albania ?
what is the result of lucas mcgee 's midterm exam ?
the most tags are for which video ?
what is the number of left -backs transferred in 2010 .
i want to research award winning actors .
does the number of teachers affect the number of faculties ?
did the revenue from harry potter movies decreased in recent years ?
provide the population ratio range of hf .
where is harvard university located ?
is the number of faculties dependent on the number of teachers ?
what is the median score of the students in cw1 ?
can you find a record that has less than zero suicide rate ?
tell me when the oldest and most recent update was for discover color
can app sizes be divided in a few groups ?
the highest health score belongs to which country ?
which gaming app has received the highest rating ?
list the highest and lowest scores in the final exam .
put the countries into groups based on their location .
where is the population ratio distributed with a bin size of 0.5 ?
name the most highly rated book .
show me the top 10 schools based on their pass rate .
i need to know if the developement of the gdp has a regional concentration trend .
in terms of the increase of pm10 , would it imply the growth of o3 ?
show the distribution numbers of teachers in universities in new york .
in 2015 , what was the sales distribution of type 4046 ?
extract the authors from the data .
list all movies by the director fernando lebrija .
are there any movies without description ?
can we determine the number of undergraduate students who were there between 2000 and 2018 ?
what book has the highest rating ?
what books have low ratings that seem suspect
they want to learn which football tactics are best
show me the distribution of the health score as it is presented in different regions .
which county in california that has the most native american population ?
can you tell me which state has the largest number of smokers ?
what is the latest android version of " discover color " ?
in descending order sort the top 10 most -reviewed gaming apps .
could you please tell me what the name of the largest app is ?
what regions are listed on the table ?
tell me what languages these books are in .
can you tell me which team david was on before he was traded ?
in which years was the income of postgraduate students higher than those of undergraduate students ?
based on the table , rank the undergraduate and postgraduate students by the total number .
find the schoool with the lowest avg_m
what was the sale volume range of 4225 ?
what are the years there were outliers in movie production history ?
what is the area with the most autistic people ?
what trips do women take ?
of the apps with over 1,000 reviews , which has the highest rating ?
i cannot wait to obtain the gdp ranking of european countries .
how where the students ' total scores distributed ?
show me the apps for each genre sorted by the number of reviews of each genre .
what video has the most tags ?
gather for me the distribution of cities sorted by the number of matches .
in terms of the top ranking free apps , which ones rank the highest ?
when the number of teachers increase , do the number of faculties increase as well ?
check if this title contains any characters considered special ?
cluster these regions using the dbscan function , based on the number of patients of all diseases .
can you provide me with a list of fiction books that are written in english ?
rank the universities in new york according to the number of teachers they have .
in ciutat vella in 2017 , tell me the number of male births in each neighborhood .
where are the videos with missing thumbnail links ?
are there any counties in montana with a much greater non -white population than the others ?
what is the range of numbers of countries in each region ?
is there any correlation between the gdp_per_capita and suicide rates ?
give me the book with the highest rating .
could you tell me which pop songs have been released by sam smith ?
in what way does the air quality and air pollutant change each day ?
find the lowest and highest values of the trust score of all countries .
list all free business applications that have been given scores above 4.5 .
what business app is the most installed by teens ?
considering the pollution levels , group the alike locations .
explain how age and travel time are correlated .
remove areas with a citizenry rate of hf less than 1.5 .
which country has a high happiness but low economy score ?
in the last decade , has the male to female population rate become further imbalanced in russia ?
please rank the neighborhood by number of male births , from lowest to highest .
in the game , who won ?
which app has a rating that doesn 't follow a trend between installations , rating and number of reviews ?
name the occupation of students ' moms .
what were the maximum and minimum rates of suicide in 1987
in 2001 what is the mean income of all postgraduate an undergraduate students attending college in uk ?
is there a linear relationship between the number of likes and the number of comments ?
which movie is the highest -grossing ?
what counties have lower than 45% females ?
compute the speechiness distribution .
are counties with a high asian population found to also have a high white population ?
what is the effect on the overall revenue of a movie series ( e.g . " the lord of the rings " ) as the franchise adds more and more sequels ?
among western european nations , what is the range in happiness scores ?
show me the names of transferred players in la liga in 2010 .
tell me the number of videos that have been liked by more than 1 million users .
see if you can locate the most recent gaming app
during the last ten years , has the male -female ration in russia become more imbalanced ?
are there any cities with a larger population than a state ?
which gaming apps are less than 50 mb and have a rating above 4.5 ?
the distribution of the number of installations appears in what shape ?
what is the maximum and minimum number of teachers ?
do center -backs have any patterns when transferred ?
in the history of movie production , can outliers of the years be found ?
what is the correlation between movie tags and duration ?
show the range of economy across all of the countries .
which student travels between 5 and 30 minutes ?
in china is there a difference in the average annual rainfall in each province this year ?
is there a correlation between happiness scores and other attributes ?
which free app has the highest rating ?
the highest total volume occurred on which date ?
they are interested in learning the most effective football tactic .
tell me the average number of comments in all videos .
look up the name of the neighborhodd with male births totaling 56 in 2017 .
what 's the number of countries with more than 100 million people living in them ?
what is the range of the number of people who have never married ?
can any clusters in the movie dataset be found ?
can you tell if the the o3 value and the pm10 value are directly proportional in evolution ?
state the lowest and highest per -county female population .
in november 2015 , tell me the change in average price ?
are users less likely to install pricey apps ?
show me the most recent version of " coloring book moana " ?
find out the income interval for the undergraduate students .
can you compute the speechiness distribution .
are there any latent groups among the winners according to their nationality in all the records ?
for the center forward position , what was the highest market value for the 2011 -2012 season ?
use gdp_for_year to arrange the table .
i would like to know how the europeans countries rank according to gdp .
which authors are in this dataset ?
what is the number of universities that are in the state of new york ?
who are the students who achieved grade a in class 5
how many apps support android version lower than 3.0 ?
are there any unusually high numbers of reviews in the app ?
which movie was first to be released ?
provide the size range of apps supporting android versions lower than 3.0 .
in the neighboring area , do any schools exist with similar avg_m ?
are the number of births in a district and the number of neighborhoods related ?
what is the average length of all tv shows
where is the nearest hf from geita ?
look at all the records and make a list of the top 10 actors who won the most awards from the greatest number to the least .
for all trips over 1000 minutes , give me a list
what is the median of the number of clinics .
does the genre of the app influence its price ?
what 's the number of hospitals in manyara ?
can you tell me which app has a rating that does not follow the trend based on installations , number of reviews , and the relationship among the rating ?
what are the total number of clusters compared to the size of the app ?
give me the amount of universities that are located in new york .
are the rating distributions the same for various genres ?
does the correlation between the average price and total volume have outliers ?
group together countries with similar distributions of suicide rates in each age range .
list the universities by the number of faculties and teachers .
point out the ratings outlier among gaming apps .
display the national distribution of postgraduate students in 2001 .
rank all of the films that recieved awards at the 60th ceremony from the earliest production year to the latest .
which genres are on the list ?
look for the place where the match between england and wales was held on 1879 -01 -08 .
in ascending order , list the names of all the students by final exam score .
tell me the highest -grossing movie of all time .
how many people lived in arkansas at the beginning of july in 2002 ?
which schools had a pass rate greater than 90 ?
show the range of the number of undergraduate students
if you look at a certain area , do you think that there will be a large number of both separated and divorced people ?
in the next year , which state may have the largest average population ?
can you tell me the exam in which patrick lancaster scored the lowest ?
name the movie with the highest gross .
who published " plush - bad unboxing fan mail ? "
are there outliers in the number of patients ?
is there a relationship between ages of actors and winners ?
the average gdp in eastern europe is what ?
how were counties divided by population in 2000 ?
what are the anomalous values of undergraduate income and postgraduate income ?
sort connecticut counties by the hispanic population percentage .
the highest number of games won goes to which country ?
the happiness score is defined by how many dimensions ?
show me average number of comments in " eminemvevo " published videos .
how many likes has the channel " eminemvevo " received in total ?
what is the ranking of all students , both undergraduate and postgraduate ?
has there been a country with a sudden drop in happiness score within a year ?
what country holds the highest health score ?
tell me the number of movies that were released in 2017 .
are their any countries whose happiness score looks like an outlier within their region ?
how many videos were liked by more than 1 million users ?
please find the movie that received the most nominations .
what are the groups of players with similar ages /market value ratios ?
what actresses were nominated but didn 't win the best performance by an actress in a motion picture award in the 60th ceremony ?
which mwanza region schools have pass rates lower than 100 ?
what can this table show us about the distribution of students who received an f ?
can you tell me among beauty apps what the price distribution is ?
provide the total number of undergraduate students in 2001 from the united kingdom ?
display the 2000 population distribution numbers .
what is the average population of african -americans in each state ?
as the number of installations increase , will the ratings also increase ?
separated by medical statistics , what amount of clusters can be formed in these regions .
show me which app does not follow the trend based on the relationship among the rating , number of reviews and installations .
was there any clustering of the seasons where players were transferred to the premier league ?
in different categories is there distribution of the last updated attribute ?
get the lowest of all the o3 readings .
name the top 10 videos in terms of likes in the channel " eminemvevo "
in 2006 , give back the change_pre belonging to waja springs pr . school .
based on the number of faculties , how many different groups of universities are there ?
are you aware of any patterns in the transfer of center -back ?
determine if there are any outliers in terms of the gaming app ratings .
list the top 10 regions based on the number of health centers .
please give me each genres that were mentioned
tell if there are any group of players with similar ages /market value ratios ?
list the percentage of apps designated for teenagers from the list of total apps .
determine if the likes and comments have been correlated .
what is the duration average for all the tv shows ?
in 2001 , what countries had more postgraduate students than undergraduate students ?
rank the countries ' happiness score in reverse .
in each year what is the distribution of posgraduate numbers ?
how many videos have dislikes ?
can you tell me the number of books published by dark horse comics ?
indicate the 10 most top regions with respect to the quantity of health centers present .
what 's the total number of finance apps ?
how many videos have thumbnail links that are missing ?
which city in california , on march 1st , 2000 , had the highest number of babies born ?
which states has most smokers ?
tell me if there any movies without description .
determine whether avg_m is influenced by ownership .
tell me the mean of the number of apps updated after 2018 and those updated before 2018 .
what countries have a happiness score higher then 5 ?
tell me the final winners at the 60th ceremony for all categories .
can you show me the country with the most undergraduate students in 2001
list the final winners in all categories from the 60th ceremony .
in 2007 what is the max number of births within all neighborhoods ?
what was the total number of movies that were preimered in the year 2017 ?
at 0 :00 , how does the pm10 read in sants on the data 2018 /1 /11 ?
recomend a variety of apps that are identical to “cloud of books” .
show me beginning and the end date of this table .
determine whether there are extremely unpopular apps with large installation numbers .
show me the three smallest numbers of widowed people in this table .
please submit your ranking of the 10 most liked videos .
which one is the earliest released video ?
what score did jack get in the final exam ?
can you tell me the gdp of albania in 1987 ?
please identify all the trips taken by women .
arrange the table of home team scores from largest to smallest .
does the movie dataset contain any clustering ?
can you tell me if the increasing rate of the gdp in the middle region provinces in china was greater than 7% in 2018 ?
what is the number range of the countries in each region ?
how many suicides were committed by males in 2000 china ?
show me the number of total hfs distributed .
what is the number of users who liked the video " plush - bad unboxing fan mail " ?
do any neighborhoods share similar birth gender ratios ?
display all apps in descending order , by size .
tell me the overall range of the black population in all california counties .
what is the range of the transfer fee in the premier league in 2010–2011 ?
search for movie with the most nominations .
let 's use the ages of the actors for analysis of clustering .
please provide a list of all the results in the table about the film " about schmidt . "
which songs are also loud and energetic in a similar way ?
indicate areas with more than 20 schools .
are people more likely to commit suicide between the ages of 15 to 34 ?
does the cost of a paid app cause reviews to be more negative ?
for each region missing more than 300 readings , select it .
to what degree do the black and hispanic populations in various counties vary among states ?
do you see any apparent clustering ?
which region listed in the table has the best healthcare services when it comes to the population ratio of hf ?
are there clusters of app sizes ?
in the year 2000 , which actors won awards ?
what is the highest rated app that has over 1,000 reviews ?
patrick lancaster received the lowest score in which exam ?
can you arrange all the films by the year they were premiered ?
this area has a large number of separated people - does it also have a large number of divorced people ?
show me the longest trending video .
what is the pearson correlation between ablinism and mentally impaired individuals ?
can you tell me if the sales distribution volume of 4770 is normal ?
can you tell if the number of teachers in harvard university is out of the normal range ?
amongst the videos , what is the average number of comments ?
get me the titles of pop songs by sam smith .
locate the books that have similar ratings .
find atypical numbers of undergraduate and postgraduduate incone .
all publishing times that look suspicious should be identified .
please find the trips that were taken by females only .
can you identify how many groups in these regions according to their medical statistics ?
what book has the best rating ?
what is the shape of the distribution of the number of installations ?
for o3 , show value distributions along with any missing values .
could you show me the average pm25 in sants for this year ?
is there an anomaly in the distribution of the actors and their ages ?
how many clusters can these countries belong to based on the family and health scores ?
in european countries , how large is the variance in average income ?
can you figure out who merry 's neighbors are ?
is the number of faculties influenced by the number of teachers ?
list all english -language fiction books .
are frontcourt players worth more than midfield players ?
for the totality of countries tell me the gdp distribution
retrieve the district names in barcelona .
group movies with like descriptions .
name the video with the highest number of tags .
tell me the name of the university that is located in new york .
when it comes to asia , what is the distribution of the number of vehicles among the various countries located there ?
how many countries have a population above 100 million ?
in terms of economy show the ranges across all the countries .
find the mean number of suicides for europe .
update this table according to value of the column " averageprice " in descending order .
show me apps priced above 0 and are free .
the song lengths are in what range ?
did the happiness score for each country achieve the expected value ?
in which state will you find the largest number of smokers ?
please provide the names of all of the students in ascending order based off of their final exam results .
which movie made the most money ?
from the chart they 're able to learn the range of horsepower .
what is the range of the population ratio of hf ?
are there discrepancies between the version for android and time it was updated last ?
what is the correlation between the region and the school ownership .
please find all the countries with similar happiness scores to finland . an error of 5 is acceptable .
does an app 's installation attribute affect its rating ?
put the value of the column " averageprice " in descending order and update the table to reflect this change .
show me the names of players with transfer fees of more than 20,000,000 .
show me the continent with the greatest number of countries ranked in the top 10 of the happiness index .
which app do teens prefer to install that is related to business ?
what was the total revenue earned by the movie , " titanic " ?
sort the table by generated time .
can you tell me the number of videos that received more than 1 million likes ?
is there any connection between a person 's age and the travel duration ?
combine the age range of suicide rates of countries that have a similar distribution .
is there any gdp group that have countries with a happiness score higher than 5 ?
which region has the largest number of people living together ?
find books that are rated suspiciously low .
identify the best record of pm10 in the table .
can you tell me which travel time was the longest ?
significantly different me other apps that are .
in your opinion , who plays football the best ?
tell me if the number of likes and comments create a linear relationship .
could you please enumerate the books written by brian tracy ?
please arrange the ratio of happiness scores of countries to the gdp score ?
is there any clustering of travel times ?
do any particular apps have many more reviews than most of the other apps ?
total number of likes for the " eminemvevo " channel in total .
please filter out any apps that have been installed fewer than 1,000 times and are not for teens .
show all categories of grads types
could you please group the countries by region ?
is the economic development rate linked to the population of each country ?
take the players in 2010 -2011 season and sort them by their market value
list the countries that had a sudden decrease in their happiness score within the last 12 months .
show me only the regions where there are more than 500 patients .
is that the video @ plush -bad unboxing fan mail @ allow comments ?
what video which has been removed has the most likes ?
what is the evident clustering of the weight of students ?
netflix released films on which dates ?
has the overall range of black population in california counties been established ?
liverpool scored how many goals in the game ?
what schools have similar avg_m in the neighboring region ?
what is the cost for the cf life app ?
display the distribution of the cities according to the number of matches .
in 1987 , how many albanians between the ages of 15 -24 died from suicide ?
what are the highest and lowest running time of r rated movies
show me how many times the cf life app have been installed .
please check if there is a correlation between how many undergrad and postgrad students there are .
show me which countries have higher happiness scores than finland .
please reformat the table to show the newest records at the top .
looking at the population ratio of hf in the table , which region has the highest number for healthcare services ?
show a list of the genres that appear in the dataset .
from 2003 to date , who is the most awarded actor ?
where does iceland rank on the world happiness index ?
what is the number of schools with a negative change_p ?
tell me if there are any regions with schools that have a rank difference of over 200
if the amount of teachers go up , will the amount of faculties increase as well ?
show me the titles of books published just this year .
what is albania 's gdp for 1987 ?
in regards to the distribution of mara , how are the attributed ?
does the number of times downloaded correlate with the number of reviews ?
what is the distribution of the total points of the students ?
provide the distribution of avg_m in geita .
what is the type of distribution of the gaming apps package sizes ?
figure out the relationship of the happiness score with other attributes .
are there an increased number of likes on videos with lengthier titles ?
in the order of the grades they received , please provide a list of students for me .
tell me which person progressed the most .
in cw1 , how many students achieved the feat of 100% , or full marks ?
let us say harvard university is in new york ; what number of all the teachers at harvard be considered outliers compared to the other universities in new york ?
plot the percentage of all the genres .
what patters exist in the transfer of center -backs ?
is it possible to identify any video with deslikes ?
can one buy a player with a transfer fee lower than his market value ?
number the students failures in order from high to low .
are there anomalies in the pass rate of waja springs pr . school in 2006 ?
is it possible to group counties based on whether they have a " low , " " medium " or high percentage of the black population ?
show me the number of faculties at harvard university .
do any records have a less than 0 suicide rate ?
in the state of montana , do any counties have a considerably higher non -white population count than others ?
what is the first video that was made ?
how many of the people in geita have be exposed to albinism ?
find the gaming app with the most recent release date .
how many states fall under the eastern standard time zone ?
can you refresh the table by the ages of actors ?
please provide the population for new york based on the last ten years .
retrieve the apps that are free .
i am curious about the result of lucas mcgee 's midterm exam
tell me the location where the movie " transformers :prime " was produced .
which of the fifty states has the largest number of smokers ?
name the number of of pop singers shown on the list .
retrieve all the countries with a happiness score higher than 5 .
in the 2010 -2011 season , which player was moved for 58,500,000 and had a market value of 50,000,000 ?
while considering a bin size of 0.5 , what is the distribution of the population ratio binned ?
can you show me the score interval of paid business apps
what is the relationship between the location and the number of teachers ?
was the expected value for the happiness score for each country reached ?
has the latest news come to your attention ?
can you find what country has the largest population in 2000 ?
what is the name of the oldest transferred player ?
what 's the size range of the apps ?
in the premier league , how are the transferred players ' age distributed ?
regarding albinism in geita , tell me how many people who have been exposed to it
in total , how many categories are available .
determine if the hispanic population distribution is bimodal
what were the nominations for best performance actress in a motion picture but did not win in the 60th ceremony ?
who in class 5 received an a ?
can you tell me the variance , among european countries , of income ?
how much more likely are people ages 15 -24 to die by suicide that other age groups ?
how are the ratings of teen apps done ?
show me apps that are like the app called " cloud of books "
what is the population of the state of hawaii ?
can you tell me if each country 's happiness score achieve the expected value ?
has a link ever been found between gross domestic product per capita , and the amount of suicides ?
show the 10 regions with the most health centers .
show me what on 2018 /1 /11 at 0 :00 the pm10 reading in sants is ?
tell me the number of actors who won awards in 2000 .
show me all the videos that received more than 1 million likes
show me the number of days that the average price is below 1.00 .
how many different diseases are listed in the table ?
would we be able to group counties according to the percentages of the black population into " low , " " medium , " and " high . "
who published " the queen of nothing " ?
can you tell me how european countries vary in average income ?
what was the longest travel time ?
how are the number of likes distributed ?
what’s the pearson correlation between persons with albinism and mentally handicapped folks ?
what 's the cost of cf life ?
could there be outliers present in the dataset ?
order each county in 2000 according to their population counts .
" the queen of nothing " was published by a known publisher .
in russia , was the gender imbalances ratio increasing in the past ten years ?
show me the distribution of male and female births in all districts between 2013 and 2017
does the black population 's distribution have a long tail ?
name movies released in 2017 .
find the median age of suicides in albania from 1987 to 2020 .
tell me the star who had most nominations ?
by total population , what is the ranking of all counties in california ?
do you know if age and market value are correlated ?
what ed sheeran 's song is the loudest ?
what is the rank of chinese provinces based on their happiness index ?
pull the three lowest amounts of widowed people from this table .
can you tell me if the dataset could possibly contain any video that may have been a trend before it was actually published ?
using the following table , extraf all the informaiton given concerning the film " about schmidt "
is there any clustering based on the film companies for the winners in the category best performance by and actor in a motion picture - musical or comedy ?
what songs of the pop genrea has sam smith released ?
please help me find the standard error regarding pitch size .
tell me the distribution of the package sizes of gaming apps .
list genres mentioned here
can you show the clusters of countries based on their distribution of suicide rates in each age range ?
please make a list of the top 10 schools according to passage rate .
in all regions , what is the median number of visually impaired people ?
if students want to easily achieve the highest score , which subject should they acquire to do so ?
is it valid to say that larger populations correspond to a lower population of hf ?
please tell me who the youngest students are in the dataset .
list the top 10 actors who have won the most awards in all records by descending order .
tell me the average rating of apps in the category art and design .
separate the regions which have a population ratio of hf below 1.5
what range indicates ratings for teen apps ?
can you tell me if any apps that are free cost more that . 00$ ?
i would like to see the distribution of the number of nominations for awards .
can you tell me the number of goals scored by liverpool in the game ?
players transferred to the premier league had an average transfer fee of what amount ?
please group the readings in categories that have comparable timestamps for the locations sants .
can you tell me the range of birth years from the users ?
identify all countries in groups which have had a similar gdp in the past 20 years .
what neighborhood had more than 100 female births in ciuatat vella in the year 2013 ?
can you tell me if the hispanic population distribution is bimodal ?
tell me the amount of movies released in 2017 .
show me a list of all the continents that happens to be on this table
sort the book ratings from top rated to the lowest rated .
so what county in the year 2000 , had the greatest amount of people ?
sort each song so that it goes from most spoken words to the fewest spoken words .
using two consective years , determine the variance in total boys born in el raval .
what are the 1993 's nominations received by actor diane lane ?
what is the mean score of all of the students ?
give me the mean goal totals from home teams , in games before the year 2000 .
are the highest number of suicides ranging within ages 15 to 34 ?
looking at the winner records , are there any latent groups according to nationality .
retrieve the number of male births in ciutat vella in 2017 for each neighborhood .
what other app has same features as " cloud of books " ?
locate every available value for pm10 quality .
show me the number of faculties that harvard university has
gather every fiction book written in english .
how much clustering based on film companies is there within the winners of best performance by an actor in a musical or comedy .
what are videos with odd titles ?
obtain the transfer records of liverpool in the 2010 -2011 season .
tell me which genres were mentioned .
is the number of teachers at harvard normal or abnormal ?
is the difference in the score decreasing over the years ?
show correlation between region and school ownership .
of the students in senior 3 , can you tell me what the distribution of the average score is ?
what is the percentage of the white population in blount county , alabama ?
please list the possible genres in this dataset .
what is the highest and lowest number of likes of the videos ?
make a list of all recent videos that were published since yesterday .
tell me about the suicide rates distribution .
could you please tell me what is the population ratio range of hf ?
retrieve the distribution of the cities according to the number of matches .
what is the relationship between the o3 value and the pm10 value as a trend ?
can you figure out how many left -backs were transferred in 2010 ?
tell me how many states are in the eastern standard time zone .
which counties in the united states have a correlation of hispanic and black populations compared to individual counties ?
show me the correlation between the population and total hfs
present the youngest student and the oldest student
give me the number of the people that liked " plush -bad unboxing fan mail " video .
do you have to pay for " color book moana " ?
can you provide the maximum and the mininum number of teachers ?
is there any clip within the collection that was trending before it was published ?
can there be an hour identified that has a low pm10 value and still have bad overall air quality ?
show me the area that has the tallest buildings .
do we need to pay coloring book moana or free ?
will the results be affected by the actors nationality ?
can you tell me which five countries have the lowest happiness score ?
show me the clusters for similar locations based on pollution .
what was the total number of days that the average price was lower than 1.00 ?
do any neighbouring regions have any schools with similar values of avg_m
how many udergraduate students attended school in the united kingdom in 2001 ?
give records about people who died by suicide at 15 -24 years old .
between 2000 and 2018 , what was the number of undergraduate students ?
in relation to size , how are the number of installations distributed ?
please tell me what genres this list includes .
is there a relationship between the number of tags and description length ?
will the results be affected by the nationality of the actors ?
display the situation of the range for home team scores .
tell me which star had the most nominations .
which , if any , county in montana has many more white people than other groups ?
number of students with work at home mothers
which genres might be included in this collection of data ?
tell me how long " beautiful people " is .
what apps has the most critiques ?
determine the distribution of births across districts for 2017 .
in the neighboring region , do any schools have an avg m that is similar ?
during which friendly tournament matches did the home team beat the away team ?
can you separate the countries into group by their income of undergraduate and postgraduate students ?
in the table we need a list of regions .
sort the table by home team scores in descending order .
how many categories of products do you have ?
show the students age distribution .
what language is " the art of super mario odyssey " written in ?
is there a correlation between counties with a high asian population and a high white population ?
between undergraduate income and postgraduate income , show me any anomalous values .
what years had more than 100 suicides ?
tell me the name of the author who wrote the priciest book .
do content and rating create a clear boundary between these apps ?
whose transfer_fee was over 58,000,000 ?
what exam did patrick lancaster receive the lowest score on ?
what 's the total number of singers who have released pop music ?
were you aware of the most recent news ?
is there an unusually high number of reviews for any of the apps ?
how are the total points of the students distributed ?
what neighborhood had 56 males born in 2017 ?
tell what the distribution of the population was in 2000
tell me the average score for the students .
which members of the team played for the longest amount of time ?
do the rating follow a normal distribution curve ?
in descending order , present the apps according to their sizes .
is there any clustering in the gdp when countries have a happiness score higher than 5 ?
of the whole table , which has the best record of pm10 ?
could you show me if any videos have missing thumbnail links ?
take the list of countries and rearrange them so they are in alphabetical order .
has the ratio of men to women in russia become increasingly imbalanced over the last ten years ?
how many states are under the eastern standard time zone ?
from the rating and the number of installations , is there a linear relationship in the middle ?
please show me the region cluster according to the total number of schools .
can you list the author or authors of these books ?
determine the value distribution of deaf -blind patients .
show the o3 distribution value , and include the missing values .
use the gender all users and figure the ratio .
in which area is the three smallest numbers of widowed people in this table .
identify the upper and lower limits of the pm10 value .
the greatest progress what achieve by who ? !
which of new york 's counties have a higher than average hispanic population for the state ?
can you tell me the outliers of the years in the history of movie production ?
list the territories by population and hfs .
what is the average african american population in each state ?
do you see anomalies in the values of undergraduate income and postgraduate income ?
are there a high number of reviews on any of the apps ?
get the transfer records of liverpool in the 2010–2011 season .
show me an area with over 10,000,000 married individuals .
i would like to cluster the actors according to age .
tell me the rating for the movie transformers prime
find out the range of economy across all countries .
which apps can support android version lower than 4.0 ?
locate all recently updated apps .
what is the largest duration of a trip ?
what is the lowest and highest rating of all the apps ?
the chart is used to let them learn the horsepower ranges .
show the videos with dislikes .
can you find me communities in this social network if there are any ?
how many countries will the range fall within the region ?
can you tell me a few names of sam smith 's pop songs ?
what is the relationship between the population ratio of hf and the economy of these regions ?
is there a connection in the amount of people and the amount of births in a place and the number of urban areas ?
describe the age distribution of people that committed suicide in albania .
what is the location of the match held between england and wales on jan . 8th , 1879 ?
could you please tell me what the population distribution will be within the cities located within each state ?
can you tell me the total number of all births ( male and female ) in all districts from 2013 to 2017 ?
with apps that are purchased , is there a linear correlation between the price of the app and the number of installations ?
can you tell me the smallest number of separted people ?
please help me identify the least common age .
what is the book that ranks the highest in ratings ?
show me the app with the highest number of reviews .
are all of the category ids presented as integers ?
in the table , which state ranks first based on the population ?
can you tell me the candidates from the 60th ceremony that were nominated for best performance by an actor in a motion picture -drama ?
is it true that in countries with higher gdp , the population lives longer ?
we need to characterizie the distribution of the population .
can you compare the number of tall buildings in hong kong with those in taiwan ?
of the o3 value , how does it distribute ?
can you put the clubs in order by using their shooting attempts ?
show me the teams that have transferred players to other teams .
what countries has a happiness scores higher than 5
name all continents mentioned in this table
what day had very bad air quality ?
show me how many products categories you have
could you tell me the possible genres in this dataset ?
tell me the manner of distribution that the package sizes of gaming apps have .
does the distribution of reviews skew toward the left ?
are there any records that have a suicide rate less than 0 ?
what are the populations of all the countries in the world from greatest to least ?
show me how is suicide rates distributed
what range does the income of the undergrad students fall into ?
can you tell me which friendly tournamnt matches in which the home team beat the away team ?
was the gaussian distribution used in this study ?
are there exceptions to how wordy these songs are ?
does the genre of the app have an effect on the price ?
what is the mean population in 2000 ?
if studied time increased would time to travel be less ?
point out what the pass rate of waja springs pr . school was in 2016 .
please list the number of total hfs in descending order .
check to see if there is correlation between the likes and comments .
i want to categorize all the counties in connecticut based on the percentages of the hispanic population .
was the same midterm exam given to velma paul and glynis caine ?
is the number of tags related to the length of the description ?
show me the highest value of the center forward 2011 -2012 season ?
are the number of health centers correlated with the total hfs ?
is the number of faculties affected by the number of teachers ?
what is the distribution of records for good air quality across the monitored region ?
calculate the premier leagues mean transfer fee in 2010 -2011 .
we need to find all available values for pm10 quality .
which apps , if any , have an unusually high number of reviews ?
name the relation between gdp and mteu
please identify the largest app .
which geographical areas have top and bottom ranking schools within a range of 10 .
does the attribute " installation " affect the attribute " rating " in any way ?
what determines how the attributes of mara are distributed ?
catalogue the books written by the author brian tracy .
what is the population range of chinese provinces ?
what communities are present in social networks ?
how many residents in orange county are asians ?
which type of applications has a greater amount of higher mean rating : free or paid ?
obtain the market value of fernando torres in the 2010–2011 season .
does this movie dataset have any clusters that you can find ?
which are the schools in the mwanza region with a pass_rate lower than 100 ?
present the student who travels for less than half an hour , but more than 5 minutes .
if i was born in 2000 , what is the probability of me being born in a county with no less than 20,000 people ?
what is the distribution of " last updated " attribute within different categories , if any ?
can you tell me if the number of private schools in geita in 2009 show any anomalies ?
can you tell me whether or not the study time obey 's the gaussian distribution .
provide the percent showing the percent of teen apps out of all the apps .
can you show me the countries that have a high freedom score as well as a low economy score ?
for players who transferred to the premier league , what was the average transfer fee ?
according to the suicide rates , can you see any country clusters ?
are the ages associated with the market value ?
who was the publisher of the highest priced book ?
what is the mean value of the countries with happiness index scores ?
can you tell me how many paid gaming apps have a rating higher than 4.5 ?
can you tell me if people at the age of 15 -24 years are more likely to die by suicide than other ages ?
which schools in geita have a pass rate somewhere in the range of 98 and 100 ?
do you feel that there has been an imbalance in the ratio of males to females in russia in the last decade ?
in descending order kindly rank all countries in the world population
can you find the greatest gdp_per_capita ?
what was the average age of suicide in albania from 1987 to 2020 ?
for the actors in the 60th ceremony that won , please provide the gender distribustion .
what is the most popular business app for teens ?
does the running time of movies satisfy the normal distribution ?
do any nearby regions have schools with comparable avg_m ?
are there any apps that have a very low rating and a high number of installations ?
please list all the friendly matches in a tournament where the home team defeated the visiting team ?
from lowest to highest , rank the number of male births using the neighborhood name .
what is the count of the number of times of installation of the cf life app ?
what is allbinism 's spatial and temporal correlation ?
waja springs pr . school 's change_pre should be brought back in 2006 .
does all the the different genres have the same rating distribution ?
given an increase in pm10 , do we see an increase in o3 ?
what teams have transferred players to other teams ?
identify how counties could be divided according to the population in 2000 .
how many total people in geita have been exposed to albinism ?
are videos with longer titles more likely to receive likes ?
what school in the mwanza region has a pass rate of less than 100 ?
find out the date that netflix added data to the table .
can you retrieve the highest starter rate ?
sort by population .
what is the rang of sale volume for 4225 ?
could you tell me if there is a linear relationship between the amount of likes and the amount of comments ?
what are the highest and lowest trust scores among all countries ?
show me any free apps that are like optodrum
looking at the income of undergraduate and postgraduate students , organize the countries into groups .
list the apps according to the number of reviews for each genre .
can you show which county in california has the highest percentage of the native american population ?
i would like to know all fiction books that are written in english .
which one of the dates has the highest total volume ?
how many outliers would normally be in a suicide rate ?
can you tell me the age distribution of the students ?
can you tell me how many people the average income is below $50,000 and a percentage of smokers above 20% ?
please sort the schools into groups based on their avg_m and region .
highlight the area that has more divorced people than married people .
can you tell me if there is anything unusual about the vegetation coverage in brazil in recent years ?
tell me the popularity of the loudest song .
display the ranges of the actors ages
when did unity cf last get updated ?
show me a list of videos with disabled comment or ratings feature .
give me the name of the university that 's in new york .
point out the country with the lowest suicide rate .
according to size , arrange the apps .
for move franchises ( such as " the lord of the rings " ) does gross increase as the amount of movies in the franchise increase ?
please list the regions using the amount of patients to classify them .
between 1997 to 2020 , which private school has the highest pass rate ?
please list from earliest to latest by production year all of the films for the 60th ceremony that received awards .
can you please describe me the country which has the least number of citizen every year
for the " last updated " attribute , what is the distribution among different categories ?
can we find the median for visually impaired people in all regions ?
can you tell me what location do the universities cover ?
show me the state with the most number of smokers ?
show me the pearson correlation between mentally impaired individuals and individuals with albinism .
find the distribution of suicide rates .
for dark horse comics , what number of books do they have ?
what is the smallest number of separated people ?
looking at the population from 2000 , can you tell which ways the counties could be divided ?
do you think the happiness score statistics can be trusted ?
would people feel like dancing to the song that is most popular ?
tell me what county has an extremely low population of white people .
in the 60th ceremony , the award for best performance by an actor in a motion picture had how many nominated candidates ?
list the counties in california from those having the most residents to counties with the least residents .
tell me the correlation , if any , between the ages of actors and their winning rates .
the game was won by which team ?
do the weights of students show signs of clustering ?
provide the reason given by pupils with fathers that are employed as teachers .
research the top 10 gaming apps with the most instals and sort them in descending order .
based on the table , which state has the highest population ?
figure out the highest average price .
can you tell me a county that has a very very low white population ?
would students be more likely to fail if they studied for less time ?
i would like a students ' list where you find them arranged by the grades they have
in what region would one find iceland ?
can you predict the price of the book that was published
can you tell me if the revenue for harry potter movies has decreased in recent years ?
is all of spain covered by the stations ?
between 2003 and 2020 what actor has the most awards ?
is installation affected by the supported android version of an app ?
can i please see the range of likes .
do the midfield players have less value than the frontcourt players ?
show me the country that have higher than the state 's average of hispanic population in in new york
what are apps that have higher than 100,000 reviews ?
tell me what the average score of the students in senior 3 is .
in recent years , has there been a decrease in the revenue generated from the harry potter movies ?
locate the highest mteu in the given contries .
show me all videos liked by more than 1 million users .
would travel time be lessened if students were to spend more time studying ?
can you tell me what is the average population of ashley in 2000 ?
what is the cluster of the region according to the number of schools in that region ?
are there more likes than dislikes on the video " plush - bad unboxing fan mail " ?
what is the average rating of all art & design apps ?
show me the number of hospitals in arusha
despite being poor , what country has the happiest population ?
tell me the relationship between the year it was released and the revenue it generated .
are there student groups of whom are similar but different from those not in the group ?
make a table of results from the film " about schmidt " .
see if you can split the cpi ( per capita income ) of chinese provinces into several groups ?
which country won the most number of games ?
do longer books usually have a higher rating ?
for best performance by an actor in a motion picture -drama how many candidate were nominated in the 60th ceremony ?
where the expected happiness levels reached for each of the countries ?
in " drama in the 60th ceremony ? " what actor won the award for best performance ?
can you average out the number of divorced people in all the areas ?
research and report which position has the longest playing time .
does the number of health centers and the total hf 's have any correlation between them ?
name the fiction books written in english ?
look at the countries of the world , and tell me the continent in which the country with the very lowest income is located .
in tanga , what is the total number of single people that are there ?
in 2017 , show the birth distribution of the different districts .
greatest progress was achieved by whom ?
find the date the video " plush - bad unboxing fan mail " started trending .
which class has the better average score on the final exam , class 1 or class 5 ?
please tell me how popular the loudest song is .
how many paid gaming apps have a rating score higher than 4.5 ?
retrieve books with similar ratings .
is the happiness score affected by the economy or other factors ?
do the movies ' running time meet the requirements of the normal distribution ?
locate all students who qualify .
what is the best way to categorize the people who play similar roles such as frontcourt , midfield and backcourt ?
regroups songs from up beat to a lesser beat .
is it possible to see areas with high densities by plotting the hispanic population density on a map of the united states ?
tell the range of avg_m between the school in 1st place and the school in 100th place
can a video with long title have more likes ?
were students led by any of the teachers to obtain high grades ?
i want to display the records for good air quality .
can you order the center -backs according to their transfer_fee ?
categorize the songs based on which ones are the most upbeat and the least upbeat .
what is the median number of people from all relevant regions that are listed as visually impaired ?
does anybody knows the range of registered soccer players in south america countries
tell me how many widows live in cities .
name the author who is the favorite collaborator of dark horse comics .
which teachers lead their students in achieving high grades ?
if the years matches , does this impact the score difference between two teams that match ?
are there books that have the same amount of pages ?
i would like to know which actresses from 2003 until 2020 were nominated for the best actress award in a musical or comedy motion picture .
retrieve the number of 4225 sold on 2015 /7 /5 .
for " discover color " , what are the oldest and newest versions ?
in the last 24 hours which videos were published ?
what number of product categories are there ?
what is the total number of books published by dark horse comics ?
is there a linear relationship with o3 and the pm10 ?
search by actors who are more than 30 years of age .
if you can , group the videos by likes and length of description .
order the books according to the price .
when did the annual birth rate in el raval exceed 200 ?
which does the video " plush - bad unboxing fan mail " contain more of , likes or dislikes ?
in each year , what is the distribution of the number of postgraduates ?
list all the actors who were over 60 years old and won awards in 1997 .
review all o3 readings and determine the minimum one .
what is the range of students ' scores in the cw2 ?
was the expected value achieved for each of the countries happiness scores ?
search for me if the movie " kidnapping mr . heineken " has the longest running time .
can you tell me the different genres on the list ?
could you describe the degree of fluctuation based on the ages ?
what is the population ratio of hf listed from least to greatest ?
in what countries were there more postgraduate students than undergraduate students in 2001 ?
can you tell me what the average income of postgraduate students is in each country ?
in what subject did patrick lancaster score the least ?
in the ceremony , what was the final count of nominations for nicholas nickleby between the years 2003 and 2020 ?
what is the height of the average floors of the buildings ?
is there any country in the world that wants a smaller population or less of a growth in their population due to overpopulation ?
search for locations that are comparable to rukwa .
list , in ascending order , results of the students ' final exam .
what is the distribution of postgraduates in each year ?
make table sorted by gdp_for_year
in cw1 how many students got full marks ?
please list the number of movies that were released in 2017 .
using the number of likes , can you show me the distribution ?
how would you describe the range of ages of people who committed suicide in albania ?
is it possibe that people have the same needs for different films in different years ?
tell me the difference between the avg_m of the school coming in first and the one coming in 100
search by hour for bad air quality overall with a low pm10 value .
show me the score that jack received in the final exam .
does a country exist whose happiness score doesn 't correspond to that of its host region ?
tell me the relationship between happiness and countries that share the same region .
what 's the sale volume range of 4225 ?
what is the total count of categories ?
what is the relationship between the criteria of years and journey time ?
has there been anything strange happening with brazil 's vegetation ground cover recently ?
i would like to know what the highest score and what the lowest score among the boys for the midterm exam .
who is the oldest and who is the youngest student ?
can you tell me which country produced the most numbers of movies ?
tell me the relationship between the average price and the total volume .
can you tell me the distribution of the population ratio binned with a bin size of 0.5 ?
do you know how many types of diseases are at this table ?
determine the average number of clinics .
find the range of ages in the table .
which countries outrank finland in happiness ?
show me two groups of countries , one being those that are happy and the other being those that are not .
can you locate a neighborhood with like birth gender ratios ?
can you tell me how the number of teachers are distributed among the new york 's universities ?
how many chinese males committed suicide in 2000 ?
please rank counties by population in 2000
what are the high and low ends of undergraduate student income ?
can you identify the degree of fluctuation among the ages ?
get the transfer records of liverpool during the 2010 -2011 season .
what is the population in hawaii ?
rank study time from most to least amount .
which five countries rank the lowest on the happiness score ?
do these details have outliers in patient count ?
can you list all of the trips with a higher time than 1,000 minutes ?
tell me if there is a relation between mteu and gdp .
tell me which dimension has the widest variation in the happiness index .
put countries together that have almost the same distribution of suicide rates across in an age category
in the transfer of center -backs , is there a noticeable pattern ?
which county has the largest population in 2000 ?
which country , if any , has had a sudden decrease in the happiness score within a year ?
what 's the highest gdp , per capita ?
sort the movies based on their running time
in the deaf -blind column , what is the range of values ?
how are the birth years of users distributed ?
when focussing on urban locations , what 's the population of individuals who are widowed ?
does higher freedom leads to higher happiness
how is the o3 value being distributed ?
tell me the clustering based on film companies for the winners of best performance by an actor in a motion picture - musical or comedy .
are there certain values that the ratings concentrate on ?
tell me the genres this list is about .
can you itemize each genre in this list ?
which all the regions names starts with ' 'a ' '
do some actors collaborate with same directors multiple times ?
looking at the amount of students who earned an a , which class has the most ?
in all the countries , what percent of undergraduate students were there in 2001 .
what was the date when the sale volume of 4225 exceeded 10,000 ?
what is the distribution for demographic groups identified by age ?
are there any apps with a large number of installations but have a very low rating ?
please retrieve in chronological order ( from earliest to latest by production year ) , the films that received awards in the 60th ceremony .
find the paid business apps and write down their score intervals .
how many movies were released in 1998 ?
make me a list of all videos published two days ago and earlier .
are any undeveloped groups in the group of winners grouped according to where they are from ?
return all change_pre of waja springs pr .school in 2006
is the number of faculties influenced by the number of teaching staff ?
what are the new uploads since yesterday ?
please determine the distribution of school ownership for geita in the year 2006 .
the year 2000 saw how many different actors winning awards ?
